THE EFF has called for resignation of Public Service and Administration Minister Noxolo Kiviet. This follows allegations of degree fraud. Less than a week after she was sworn in as the minister, Kiviet is in hot water for allegedly obtaining her honours degree in administration as well as a master’s degree in public administration at the University of Fort Hare in the Eastern Cape without a junior degree. News24 reported that the university reported her to the Special Investigating Unit (SIU) to be investigated for possible fraud. ALSO READ: WATCH: Witness in Gumede's case to spill beans The publication said according to an affidavit, Kiviet who served as deputy minister in the same portfolio before the recent Cabinet reshuffle, had a matric certificate as well as a non-credit bearing short course certificate, which only had "handwritten results". The EFF spokesman, Sinawo Tambo, said it was shameful that Kiviet was implicated in fraud. "The EFF calls for the immediate resignation of the academic fraud Noxolo Kiviet, and for her to be barred from registering at any institution of higher learning for the crimes she has committed," he said. He said the reports supported the claims made by the university's vice-chancellor Sakhele Buhlungu, who after an assassination attempt on his life, revealed there were 15 high-ranking politicians, who were implicated in the fraudulent awarding of post-graduate qualifications at the university. SIGN IN to read comments The SIU announced last year it would be probing all allegations of "free-for-all" postgraduate degrees at the institution. "One amongst those is the ally of Cyril Ramaphosa and Premier of the Eastern Cape Oscar Mabuyane. Ramaphosa has surrounded himself with fraudsters, perpetrators of gender-based violence and people who collude with criminals and plot the destruction of their opponents using law enforcement agencies," said Tambo. He said the minister has disgraced not only herself but has undermined the integrity of the university and jeopardised its public standing in society. Kiviet was premier of the Eastern Cape from 2009 to 2014 and former speaker of the Eastern Cape Provincial Legislature. 