A 34-YEAR-OLD man accused of raping a 62-year-old gogo appeared briefly in the Palm Ridge Magistrates Court in Ekurhuleni on Friday, 10 March. He faces a schedule six charge for repeatedly raping the gogo. The matter was postponed to 17 March, for the state to verify his address and for him to get a lawyer to assist him in his bail application. The man allegedly raped the gogo on 7 February, until the morning of 8 February. Gogo’s horror ordeal was published on the 21 February. Gogo described how the man had raped her all night. After she opened a case, police allegedly released the man the next day and when she went to inquire, the investigating officer allegedly bought her KFC and a six-pack of beer. And she was allegedly told to drop charges and the man would pay her R1 000. ALSO READ: Slippers might help solve murder case! At the time the story was published, Gauteng police spokeswoman Colonel Dimakatso Sello told the Daily Sun the man had been arrested, charged with rape and tried. Following the publication of gogo's story, member of parliament Nazley Sharif worked with Daily Sun to investigate the case. Sharif said that on Monday, 6 March, she and the Equality Commissioner visited Edenpark Police Station where it was found that a senior prosecutor closed the case due to the reasoning of no success for prosecution. Sharif said she then decided to put more pressure about the matter and reached out to social development because the gogo's mental health was deteriorating, and she was not handling the trauma well. She said the case was reopened, and a new warrant of arrest was issued against the man. “If Daily Sun didn't attend to gogo’s issue, the perpetrator would have never been arrested. Because of the article, we were able to assist her,” he said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Sharif said she is committed to ensuring that the gogo receives the necessary help she needs and that all those who were responsible in trying to hide the case are bought to book. “I have spoken to the Ipid. They also said they will investigate, even the deputy minister of justice is looking into this matter,” she said.