THE DA's Cilliers Brink said they will find the "seven traitors". This was after the party lost the mayoral position to Cope's Murunwa Makwarela, who is now the new Tshwane mayor. Makwarela, who was the Tshwane Council speaker, was elected as mayor during a secret ballot election on Tuesday, 28 February. He went head-to-head with Brink, who was selected by the Tshwane Multi-Party Coalition. Makwarela received 112 votes against Brink, who secured 101 votes. According to Brink, the Multi-Party Coalition was supposed to have had 108 votes to win. He said their 101 votes showed that the coalition government was betrayed. Brink said they will find the seven traitors and remove them along with Makwarela, who he described as a puppet of the ANC. “We will cut his strings. He mustn’t become too comfortable. We will not neglect or abandoned the people of Tshwane,” he said. The Multi-Party Coalition spokesman Cornè Mulder said they're disappointed with the outcome of the election, because they've been the majority party since taking office in 2021 and continued to hold majority of seats in the council. Mulder said some councillors in the coalition were persuaded to break ties with the coalition to support Makwarela. ALSO READ: New mayor elected in Tshwane! “This coalition condemns, in the harshest terms, those councillors who accept election on the back of party’s campaigning for change, only to assist the ANC and EFF to get elected against the will of the residents of Tshwane,” said Mulder. “All parties in the coalition will work to identify those who sold out the residents of Tshwane and the coalition. These councillors will be removed and replaced with urgency ahead of a motion of no confidence that will be tabled to remove Makwarela from his ill-gotten office.” REGISTER TO COMMENT! Meanwhile, the ANC Greater Tshwane Region said they welcome the election results. “We would like to impress upon the Executive Mayor-elect to hit the ground running and fix the mess that the embattled former mayor left in his wake. “The new government of local unity must now deal with the backlog of service delivery issues that have plagued the townships of the City; from the water crisis that has engulfed the residents of Bronkhortspruit and Hammanskraal, to the sanitation crisis in Mamelodi, Ga-Rankuwa, Mabopane and Soshanguve,” said George Matjila, the ANC regional secretary.