VETERAN TV and radio presenter, Mark Pilgrim, has dies. The 53-year-old lost his battle with cancer on Sunday morning, 5 March. News of his passing was shared by HOT1027, where Mark was a presenter. ALSO READ: Free Satte Education MEC has died The statement rea: "He fought valiantly to the very end. Mark passed peacefully with his fiancé Adrienne at home." "His family thank you for being part of his journey, for loving him, celebrating  him and supporting him always." HOT1027 DJ Mark Pilgrim lost his battle with cancer this morning. He fought valiantly to the very end. Mark passed peacefully with his fiancé Adrienne at home. His family thank you for being part of his journey, for loving him, celebrating him and supporting him always  Mark was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer in March. In June, he revealed that the cancer had spread to his femur, the base of his spine and lymph nodes. He updated his fans and supporters on his progress since last year and fans got worried when he had not updated them in almost a month. On Saturday, 4 March, Hot 102.7 FM’s managing director, Lloyd Madurai, shared a short statement saying: “Mark Pilgrim is grateful for your prayers and support. Mark has not been active on his social media platforms as he has taken this time to focus on his treatment. In spite of the challenges over the last few months, he remains positive." Update on Mark Pilgrim pic.twitter.com/BOpiNZHIAZ Tributes poured in on social media. Terribly sad news that Mark Pilgrim has passed away. He fought so courageously. Mark was always so friendly, so professional and just a pleasure to work with. Thoughts are with his fiancé, his daughters and his colleagues. May his memory be a blessing to you all.  I was really hoping Mark Pilgrim would make it. He fought a good fight. I'm glad he is resting now ???  Very sad news of the passing of legendary broadcaster Mark Pilgrim. He fought a tough fight and inspired many in the process…and during his many years on radio. #RIPMark Beloved radio presenter Mark Pilgrim has sadly passed away.Pilgrim, who was battling stage four cancer at the time of his passing, will always be remembered for touching the lives of millions of people, both on and off the air.Rest in Peace, Mark Pilgrim. pic.twitter.com/v18kYlXGEI  