CABINET has joined President Cyril Ramaphosa in his call for former Eskom CEO, Andre de Ruyter, to report allegations of corruption at Eskom to the police. This was said by the Minister in the Presidency, Mondli Gungubele, during a media briefing in Tshwane on Thursday, 2 March. Gungubele was updating the public on the outcomes of a cabinet meeting held on Wednesday, 1 March. He said the crime fighting institutions are ready to arrest and prosecute those who break the law. “We call on anyone with information related to crime and corruption to report what they know to the relevant law enforcement authorities,” he said. ALSO READ: Themba Godi - 'Gordhan and the gang must fall' The minister said everyone has a duty to fight corruption in accordance with the prescripts of the Prevention and Combating of Corrupt Activities Act, which also requires people in positions of authority in the public and private sectors to report all corrupt activities. Meanwhile, speaking on the energy crisis, Gungubele said cabinet understands the frustration of citizens and businesses over the inconvenience and disruptions caused by persistent load shedding. He said the commitments from the State of National Address and the budget allocations strengthen the capability of the state to fast-track interventions outlined in the Energy Action Plan. “The recently published National State of Disaster regulations by the minister of cooperative governance and traditional affairs allows government to respond more effectively and with the necessary pace to deal with the severe electricity supply constraints.” REGISTER TO COMMENT “Moreover, it ensures transparency and accountability by enabling departments to guide their sectors. Regular progress updates will be provided,” said the minister. He said that cabinet has noted the decision by the Financial Action Task Force (FATF) to list South Africa as a jurisdiction under increased monitoring or more commonly referred to as the “grey list”. “While the FATF recognised the significant progress made by the country in addressing the short comings highlighted in its Mutual Evaluation Report, it assessed that more needed to be done. “Government is committed to work swiftly to strengthen the effectiveness of its anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing regime,” he said. 