ON Monday, 6 March, President Cyril Ramaphosa announced the much-anticipated cabinet reshuffle, which included a new ministry of electricity headed by Kgosientsho Ramokgopa. While he added new faces, there has been some outcry from organisations and other political parties because he chose not to fire some ministers. Freedom Front Plus leader Pieter Groenewald said Ramaphosa did nothing to address power and crime problems. He said the president believes Bheki Cele is still firmly rooted in his office as the police minister while the country is overwhelmed with the crime. “It is abundantly clear that the president has no real will to save the country from its predicament. What happened with Dr Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma is a good indication of the reasoning behind the president's changes by keeping his friends close to him and his enemies even closer. ALSO READ: Saftu guns for former Eskom CEO! “Even after Dr Dlamini-Zuma went against the ANCs recommendations and voted that Parliament must investigate president Ramaphosa about Phala-Phala, he did not get rid of her, but instead appointed her in his inner circle,” Groenewald said. The General Industrial Workers Union of South Africa (GIWUSA) spokesman, Mametlwe Sebei, said the new cabinet confirmed that Ramaphosa struggled to put it politely, that the ANC is not the best stock of humanity. “From the top summits to its lowest levels, the ANC elite represents the basest of the middle-class political morality and culture,” he said. Forum 4 Service Delivery (F4SD) expressed disappointment with Ramaphosa's "uninspiring" reshuffle. REGISTER TO COMMENT! F4SD leader Mbahare Kekana said he is concerned about the size of the cabinet that continues to grow at great expense to the taxpayers. "You now have four ministers in the Presidency, something unheard of. "It could be argued that a president is not necessary when you have so many executives in that office," said Kekana. Meanwhile, the South African Municipal Workers Union (Samwu) has welcomed the appointments of Thembi Nkadimeng and Parks Tau as minister and deputy minister of the Department of Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs (COGTA), respectively. Samwu general secretary Dumisane Magagula said: “We congratulate the minister and deputy minister on their newly found responsibilities. We hope that they will be hands-on in salvaging the country’s municipalities, of which most are in a state of paralysis while others have technically collapsed.”