THE police management in the Free State has send their condolences to the family, friends and colleagues of Warrant Officer Vuyo Mdi. Mdi died alongside Education MEC Tate Makgoe when their car crashed into cows on the N1 highway outside Winburg on Sunday, 5 March. The 50-year-old Mdi was born and bred in Mangaung, Bloemfontein and joined government in 1996 as a member of the South African National Defence Force (Sandf). Acting provincial police commissioner, Lieutenant-General Tebello Mosikili, said Mdi was attached to the Sandf from 1996 to 2007 and was later absorbed into the police within the Protection Security Services Division, where he served as a static protector. ALSO READ - Another Mina Nawe member has died! "He was later moved to the in-transit VIP protection security services where he served as a close protector to the late MEC Tate Makgoe from 2010 until his untimely death," said Mosikili. The driver of the vehicle Makgoe and Mdi were travelling in when they died has been identified as Warrant Officer Richard Nkopane. He is in a critical condition in hospital.  You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Mosikili paid tribute to Mdi for his service to the nation and wished Nkopane a speedy recovery. “The death of Warrant Officer Mdi is a great blow to the protection and security services division and in the police at large. He has been described by his immediate commander as a quiet, dedicated, committed and disciplined member. "We have mobilised our employee health and wellness experts to provide psychosocial services to the family and colleagues of the deceased member. We are also wishing Warrant Officer Nkopane who is in a critical condition a speedy recovery. Our thoughts are also with his family," said Mosikili. Mosikili thanked Mdi for his selfless service to the nation. "May his soul rest knowing that he served his country with pride and distinction. Memorial and funeral service details will be communicated in due course," he said. The police management also send their heartfelt condolences to Makgoe's family, friends and colleagues.