ALL eyes will be on President Cyril Ramaphosa tonight, Monday 6 March, as he announces his rearranged cabinet. While Ramphosa has the most important decision to make, political analyst John Molepo has warned that whatever that will be decided will make or break the governing party. He said for the president, this might be his last cabinet reshuffle as the head of state. “If he makes a blunder by appointing people without the right skills, competence and qualification, this might be the end of the ANC. People may lose faith in his leadership and in return they might not vote for them in 2024,” he said. Molepo said this is the most important time for Ramaphosa and he needs to be careful when making his decision. "And for the ANC, this reshuffle will simply mean it must demonstrate to the broader masses that they are still in charge and that they're willing to restore confidence and trust to the people of South Africa. ALSO READ: Ramaphosa implicated in covering corruption at Eskom – Steenhuisen! “To us the public, we only need people who are able to give the best and are capable in the portfolios they will be heading, and those who will be able to ensure that the intended results to build this country are met,” he said. Build One South Africa leader Mmusi Maimane has called for the removal of Basic Education Minister Angie Motshekga. He said: “Our education system is falling short of international standards. We still have pit toilets, absence of libraries and science labs, and 30% pass mark in matric Why? Because Angie Motshekga has been the minister for 14 years.” Maimane said Ramaphosa should use this opportunity to fire her. Ian Cameron, director of community safety at Action Society, said they have called for the police minister to be shown the door. REGISTER TO COMMENT He said: “Considering the current failed Police Minister Bheki Cele as the next minister of intelligence is the most absurd and illogical thing we have ever heard. “If this becomes a reality, South Africa’s political and general crime problem will worsen drastically,” said Cameron. The Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) has called on Ramaphosa to use this cabinet reshuffle to put the country first. “If the president is looking for a different result, he will need to make some sweeping changes,” said IFP spokesman Mkhuleko Hlengwa. 