COPE has expressed shock and disappointment about the controversy surrounding the disqualification of Tshwane mayor, Murunwa Makwarela. This after City of Tshwane announced on Tuesday, 7 March that Makwarela has been disqualified as a councillor after he was declared insolvent in 2016. Cope spokesman Dennis Bloem said they were surprised when they were confronted by the media with news that their member, who is a councillor in the Tshwane Metro Council, was disqualified by the municipal manager as he was sequestrated some few years ago and that it is unlawful for any public representative to occupy such an office. He said since its formation, Cope is a law-abiding organisation that defends the Constitution at all times. ALSO READ: Saftu guns for former Eskom CEO! He said Cope national leadership was not aware of this serious violation of the law. Bloem said during the filling in of the declaration forms to stand as a candidate to contest the election, Makwarela did declare he was sequestrated. “Our nomination process of becoming a public representative starts at constituency level. The constituency leader and constituency secretary of elections submit it to the provincial leadership, where processing and vetting took place. “The provincial leadership submits the candidate list electronically. After the submission of the lists, the national secretary for elections is informed and payment for registration of the lists is done by national office,” said Bloem. He said the entire process of identifying candidates and knowing their backgrounds is the responsibility of the provincial leadership. “We are extremely concerned about this matter and will leave no stone unturned before we know the truth. We are definitely going to investigate this matter to find out how it was possible for Makwarela to slip through the vetting process. You must be SIGNED IN to comment “We are equally concerned that Makwarela has been a councillor and speaker since November 2021 without any questions raised. Somebody must answer these questions,” he said. Meanwhile, the ANC Greater Tshwane Region said they believe the City of Tshwane manager, Johann Mettler, acted in haste as both the Municipal Systems Act and the code of conduct for councillors explains the cause of action on the removal of a councillor. ANC regional secretary George Matjila said they call on the city manager to follow local government statutes, and on the council to investigate the matter concerning Makwarela. “Once the investigation has been concluded, the Cogta MEC must be given the report for further action if any is required,” he said.