PRESIDENT Cyril Ramaphosa arrived in KZN in a friendly mood for his two days visit after the Public Protector cleared him of wrongdoing in the Phala Phala burglary scandal. Acting Public Protector advocate Kholeka Gcaleka released a preliminary report on the Phala Phala farm gate scandal on Saturday, 11 March. Opposition parties had asked her to investigate whether Ramaphosa violated the Executive Ethics Code after the robbery. Gcaleka’s investigation found the allegation that Ramaphosa exposed himself to any risk of a conflict between his constitutional duties and obligations and his private interests arising from or affected by his alleged paid work at Phala Phala ‘is not substantiated’. After laying wreaths at former ANC late president Inkosi Albert Luthuli's grave, Ramaphosa said he noted the Public Protector preliminary report. “I note the Public Protector report is that all about I can say in terms of Public Protectors rules, once the preliminary has been issued, the less, the better because she still has to issue the final report,” he said. WATCH: President Cyril Ramaphosa in a jovial and friendly mood offered to tie the sneaker laces of Daily Sun journalist Jabulani Langa. Thus was during his two day KZN visit after Public Protector cleared him on the Phala Phala scandal.#ramaphosa @dailysunsa #anc pic.twitter.com/htCEvQzYiI  REGISTER TO COMMENT! His visit comes after the ANC 55th National Conference resolved to renew and reconnect the ANC with its mass base. He started with a walkabout and blitz in KwaDukuza and followed with laying wreaths at Luthuli’s grave at Groutville. Ramaphosa promised the Luthuli family that the ANC will find out how and why Luthuli died. “Today we are given a moment to listen to what the family has to say. There is a wound, what I call the historical wounds, what the family is still suffering but is not only the family but the historical wounds the ANC as a whole feel unhealed,” he said. Ramaphosa said the circumstances surrounding the death of our president Chief Albert Luthuli still have not been fully explained. ALSO READ: HHAYIBO NDODA: Alleged killer's shocking request! “The desire of Dr Albertina, Luthuli's daughter is that we should go dig deeper into what were the circumstances that led to Luthuli’s death. “How did it happen and why did it happen, I have said that it is something that I would like us to explore and find out so that the family can have closure,” he added. Inkosi Albert Luthuli's daughter, Dr Albertina Luthuli said seeing president Cyril Ramaphosa visiting them gives them hope. “We thank the president for visiting us, and we hope that his visit will help us to find out the circumstances that led to my father's death,” she said.