BATHOBILE Mlangeni (31) will spend eight years behind bars for her brazen theft of R4 million. She stole the money at Mall of Africa in Midrand, Joburg, two years ago. The former SBV security guard told the Alexandra Magistrates Court on Wednesday, 8 March, she did not know where the millions are. Mlangeni from Dlamini in Soweto said she was going through a difficult time and needed cash when her manager who was also her friend, Lisa Galdien, came with a plan that they steal from their employer. She told the court that because she worked as a cash processor who counted cash and filed deposits, she knew they'd sometimes be a shortage of cash or surplus. ALSO READ:PICS: Tsotsis hit cash van! "We decided that we would put the money in plastic bags and hide it somewhere. When I knocked off, I retrieved it and took it home," she said. Mlangeni, who was wearing blue jeans, a white Nike jacket and green Lacoste sneakers, said the following day Lisa came to her flat in Joburg to get her share. She said about three weeks later, Lisa called and told her that SBV was looking for her. She said she decided to leave her flat and go into hiding. "My brother called me and told me to hand myself over to police. I gave my share to him and that's when I was arrested," she told the court. Despite her face being in the media, Mlangeni managed to evade cops for more than two years after she was captured on CCTV cameras leaving her workplace with a trolley full of cash. She said she had not seen or spoken to her brother since the day she gave him the R2 million. Magistrate Prinsloo asked Mlangeni why she gave the money to her brother and not the police. She said: "He was my brother and I trusted him." Prinsloo said the crime Mlangeni committed was common in Joburg and the sentence must send a message to would-be criminals. "Your intention was to enrich yourself at the expense of your employer. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “What you should have done was to hand yourself over to police with your portion of money," said Prinsloo. She said if all employees were to do what she did, many hardworking people would lose their jobs. Mlangeni said she pleaded guilty because she regretted her actions. 