THREE suspected hijackers ran out of luck after they were cornered by cops inside the Toyota Etios they had stolen on Sunday, 12 March. After hijacking the vehicle, the suspects were driving along Govan Mbeki when they saw a police van. They panicked and started speeding away. The incident happened around 1.40pm on Sunday, 12 March 2023. Cops gave chase together with law enforcement officers that were passing by. ALSO READ: PICS: Six dangerous prisoners on the run! The hijackers opened fire at cops, but officers kept chasing them. In a bid to escape, hijackers drove and injured a man who was walking close to Lloyd squatter camp. The car crashed and two men ran on foot but officers gave chase and arrested them. The third one was arrested while he was still inside the car and a firearm was recovered. A resident from Klipfontein squatter camp who saw the incident unfolding told Daily Sun it was dramatic. "The hijackers fired shots at the cops while their vehicle was flying. When the gunshots began flying all over, people were walking on the streets. Cops then retaliated and the driver panicked and crashed the vehicle," said the witness. Police spokesman Frederick Van Wyk confirmed the incident. He said Philippi East cops are investigating cases of attempted murder, attack on police, possession of altered firearm, possession of suspected stolen vehicle and reckless driving. SIGN IN to read comments "According to reports, members of Philippi East Crime Prevention noticed the occupants of a silver Toyota Etios  acting suspicious. They tried to stop it when it sped off." He said their members gave chase with a passing Law Enforcement vehicle assisting. In the process of fleeing  the suspects’ vehicle collided with a pedestrian. “The suspects fired shots at the members and members responded. The vehicle came to a standstill, two of the occupants fled into nearby shacks where they were apprehended. One of the suspect  found inside the car was searched, a 9mm pistol with identification marks removed found hidden in his pants. “SAPS members not injured, no damage reported. The 28 year old pedestrian was taken to a nearby medical facility in a serious condition.  The firearm was seized and the vehicle was handed in as exhibit. Three adult males were arrested. They are due to appear in court once charged,” said Van Wyk.