GAUTENG Transport and Logistics MEC Kedibone Diale-Tlabela has issued a stern warning to the contractor responsible for the construction of Solomon Mahlangu Drive in Mamelodi, Tshwane. This follows several delays in the delivery of this route, which connects Mamelodi with the rest of the City of Tshwane. Diale-Tlabela said the construction of the project resumed in 2019 and was expected to be completed last year, however, due to poor contractor performance, there was encroachment of the road reserve and the community stopping the completion of the road. ALSO READ: Why housing project was put on hold “The department will start conducting background checks on companies we appoint to run our roads infrastructure construction projects. We have a responsibility to pay the contractor on time, but they must also stick to their end of the contract and perform as agreed,” said the MEC. She said she visited the project as part of oversight site inspection with the Roads and Transport Portfolio Committee, adding that she also spoke to partners who are affected by the delayed delivery of the project. During a site visit, MEC Diale-Tlabela has reassured Mamelodi councillors that the department will ensure that it closely monitors the upgrades of K69 (Solomon Mahlangu Drive) so that there are no longer delays in the delivery of the project #AgaLerona #GGT2030 pic.twitter.com/OfmBLdi1Cu  There was a commitment that the project would be completed during the 2023/24 financial year. REGISTER TO COMMENT “Our visit to this project is part of responding to the marching orders we were given by the premier to fast track the delivery of infrastructure in townships, informal settlements and hostels. We cannot afford for such important infrastructure to affect the economic growth of our townships. “The department has established a Rapid Response Unit that is charged with inspecting the quality of the transport infrastructure across the 5 638km provincial network, which the department is responsible for,” said Diale-Tlabela. The department is committing to complete the upgrades of K69 (Solomon Mahlangu Drive) project in July 2023 #AgaLerona #GGT2030 pic.twitter.com/TAbyV5QOrk   