ANOTHER day in the limping South Africa, another child dies in the most horrible way possible. And what makes me even angrier is that the Eastern Cape government, through the spokeswoman of the provincial education department, are making statements that suggest that the child deserved it. “There are toilets for old learners within the school, there are pit toilets for those who are doing grade R, there are pit toilets for teachers. They’re safe for them to be used, and the preliminary report that we’re getting is that the grade R learner used the other toilets which are designated for older people,” spokeswoman Vuyiseka Mboxela said. What kind of reasoning is this? Parents and the whole community just lost an innocent child who possibly can’t differentiate between right and wrong, and our government makes these kinds of statements. Why do we still have pit toilets, to start with? We have had a democratic government for almost 30 years, yet our people, especially schoolkids, are still subjected to these appalling sanitary conditions. And this is not the first time that a child has died in this manner in the Eastern Cape. In 2018, a five-year-old pupil, Lumka Mketwa from a primary school in Bizana also met her death in a pit toilet that should have been long eradicated. Her death shone the spotlight on our sanitation problems in communities, especially rural schools. A similar incident happened almost 10 years ago in Limpopo. Michael Komape, who was five at the time of his avoidable death, has become the face of this shameful legacy of our government. REGISTER TO COMMENT! The amount of rage at the time, in 2014, gave rise to hopes that our politicians would be jolted into action and move with speed. Instead, it was the same politicians who were caught in corruption scandals involving the delivery of sanitation to depressed communities. Read the article here: MICHAEL KOMAPE'S FAMILY GETS OVER R1M IN DAMAGES! Reacting to this self-made tragedy, Amnesty International said there was no political will by the country’s government to improve the situation. Who can disagree with them? The social justice organisation says more than 3 000 public schools in this country still use pit toilets. I wish I could say these senseless deaths should be stopped. But with billions of rands being returned to the national Treasury by incompetent government departments every year, all I can say is that don’t hold your breath!