KZN roads continue to be dangerous as people lose their lives due to tragic accidents which involve trucks. This comes after a well-known Pietermaritzburg lawyer John Wills (66), tragically lost his life on Tuesday, 7 March. Wills died after his motorbike collided with a truck on M41 in Umhlanga, north Durban. He served as an adviser to three former KZN premiers and was also part of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, acting for parties who fought apartheid. Premier Nomusa Dube-Ncube has called for fresh discussions with the freight and logistics industry. “It is time we consider the place of trucks on our roads and their contributions to road accidents in KZN. ALSO READ: HHAYIBO NDODA: Alleged killer's shocking request! “One life lost is one too many, and we should take a serious look at the massive cost of the recent accidents in our province,” she said. Dube Ncube said Wills distinguished himself as a fighter for human rights and being on the side of the underdog all his professional life as a lawyer. REGISTER TO COMMENT! He retired from government in 2019 to focus on private legal practice. Among others, Wills is remembered for representing the Bhangazi Community in settling the Eastern Shores St. Lucia Land Claim. “May his family be consoled by the fact that John Wills has done his job, and that he knew his task on earth was to drive project for the building of a truly non-racial, non-sexist and equal KZN and South Africa, a project for which he lived and died,” Dube added. KZN ANC secretary Bheki Mtolo said Wills was an outstanding member of the legal fraternity who selflessly provided his legal services during the dark days of apartheid. “He risked his life at the height of violence in the Natal Midlands and was always on the side of political activists. “As a special advisor to the ANC premiers, he ensured that strong effort went into entrenching a human rights culture in the public civil service with an emphasis on courteous and efficient service,” Mtolo said. 