YENGIWE Mthimunye was rushed to Waterval Clinic outside Siyabuswa, Mpumalanga on Saturday night, 4 March when she complained about stomach pain. But when her family got to the clinic, they were allegedly told they could not be helped because of load shedding. Yengiwe's family now blames government for the 35-year-old's death. ALSO READ: Another activist gunned down! Her cousin, Bongani Skosana, said they drove to Waterval Clinic as their local health facility doesn't operate 24 hours. He told Daily Sun they rushed there with the hope that Yengiwe would get the necessary help. But when they got there, the gates were locked. "Nurses and security personnel were sitting outside busy on their cellphones. We begged them to help us, but we were told they can't help us as there was no electricity," he said. Bongani said they spent minutes begging the clinic staff to help them, but nothing was done. They then drove to another clinic, but sadly, Yengiwe died a few meters away from the health facility. She was declared dead by medical staff on her arrival at Siyabuswa Clinic. Bongani believes Yengiwe's life could have been saved had they not spent time begging the nurses to help them. He said he was very disappointed with the way government operates. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments "Our local clinic doesn't operate 24 hours. When we drove to Waterval Clinic we were hoping we would at least be helped. We believe my cousin would still be alive if the clinic had a generator because they would have allowed us in and determine her cause of sickness," he said. "She gave up because she heard that they were refusing to help us. How many times are they going to turn away patients if there is no electricity? Do people have to die because our government is not taking this load shedding issue seriously? We are very disappointed." Mpumalanga health spokesman Christopher Nobela said the department received a complaint and investigations are underway. "The preliminary report we got was that the generator failed to kick start during load shedding, which was scheduled from 9pm to 11pm on Saturday. The department is still investigating to get to the bottom of the matter," he said.      