THE family of a Mpumalanga businessman shot dead in 2006 has rejected the apology of his killers. Patrick Matsebula and Sabelo Dlamini are serving their sentence at Barberton prison for murder. The two men were each sentenced to 25 years in jail for murder, robbery, and possession of an unlicensed firearm. ALSO READ Ziyam’khalela uRamaphosa! On Thursday, 2 March the Department of Correctional Services held a victim-offender dialogue session where Nelson's killers had the opportunity to speak to his family and the community. Matsebula and Dlamini told their story to the family and the community, saying that they spied on Nelson for days before killing him. The two men were part of a group of six who had followed Nelson, who ran a funeral parlour in the area. They said they were going to rob him but when they entered his house, they shot and killed him. The two men asked for forgiveness from the family and community. However, family member Lucky Mbazima said they will not forgive them until they tell the truth. Lucky said he believe that the men had not told the whole truth. "This is a sad day; we were not prepared for this day. As a family we are bitter and angry. It looks like we are welcoming our heroes back into the community. We want to know why they killed," said Lucky. "We went for the last victim-offender dialogue in 2021. We were told that they are going to organise this session. To us it seems like the truth is still not there. All we need is the truth. Once we get the truth, then we can forgive them." Lucky said he believes they were sent by someone to do the job, adding that the programme is only meant to waste their time. Tshidi Mapole, regional spokeswoman for correctional services, said: "The programme was part of the agency's mandate and was being implemented in all provinces to reintegrate offenders into society." You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Mapole said the session was voluntary for the offenders and that the victims' families were not forced to attend. "Today we have just seen the final stage of the process that has already started. Mainly they are successful, but today it was not a successful one. We need more time to work on it, said Mapole. 