YFM’s breakfast show, Y Mornings is coming to an end and the host, DJ Ankletap, is leaving the station. The DJ, popularly known as Malume, has been with the radio station for 12 years as one of the leading hosts. The announcement was made by Ankletap on the radio this morning, and Y released a statement confirming that he’s leaving. Speaking about his journey at the station, Ankletap said it had become his life and he’ll miss it. “The day I entered the programming manager’s office for the first time, I knew that Y would be my home. "I have dedicated 12 years of my life to this brand and believe that the time has come to make way for a new generation of talent to take the reins," said Ankletap. ALSO READ: Top radio presenter has died! “I believe in Y and the talent here. I will miss the Y Mornings listeners. But I know I am leaving them in good hands. I will always hold Y in my heart,” he said. His co-host, Kandis Kandashian said she enjoyed Y Mornings. “Starting each weekday with the Y Mornings listener has been the greatest honour and I will miss them. We have made amazing radio together and I look forward to hearing the new team on air,” said Kandis. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments YFM’s managing director, Haseena Cassim, said they were honoured to have talent like Ankletap and they will miss the crew of Y Mornings. “I have watched DJ Ankletap throughout his time with the station and find his ability to genuinely connect with the listener as incredible. He had listeners at the edge of their seats in laughter, in tears, and in awe as he shared his life experiences with them,” said Haseena. Y says farewell to #YMornings The last edition will be broadcast on 24 March.Danko @DJAnkletap, @kandiskardash and @JosiChave! ?? pic.twitter.com/OWxIGCVjD8  “Talent like this doesn’t come around often and Y is honoured to have been an integral part of his career and also his team. Y Mornings with DJ Ankletap and Kandis Kardash, along with assistant producer Josi Chave, will be missed. We know that the new breakfast show will deliver the best of our Y DNA,” she said. The last edition of Y Mornings will be broadcast on 24 March. 