TSHWANE does not have a mayor again. This follows the disqualification of Dr Murunwa Makwarela as a Proportional Representative (PR) councillor in Tshwane. Makwarela was elected as the City of Tshwane's executive mayor on 28 February, allegedly betraying the multi-party coalition. At the time of his election, he was serving as the Council chief whip. According to the city, Makwerela is insolvent and according to the Constitution and municipal legislation, he cannot be elected mayor. On Tuesday, 7 March, City of Tshwane spokesman Selby Bokaba released a statement that the city manager, Johann Mettler, has written to the Gauteng Provincial Officer of the Independent Electoral Commission (IEC) informing him of a casual vacancy which has occurred at the city following the disqualification of a Congress of the People's (Cope) Proportional Representative (PR) councillor Makwarela. ALSO READ: New mayor elected in Tshwane! Bokaba said the disqualification is in terms of the Constitution of the Republic of South Africa, and the Municipal Structures Act (Act 117 of 1998). He said item 18 of part 3 of Schedule 1, of the Local Government Structures Act (Act 117 of 1998), stipulates that if a councillor elected from a party list ceases to hold office, the Chief Electoral Officer of the IEC must declare in writing the person whose name is at the top of the applicable party list to be elected in the vacancy. “In terms of the said Act, a party may supplement, change, or increase its list at any time, provided that if a councillor elected according to party list ceases to hold office. The vacancy must be filled within 14 days after a 21 days period.” “The Congress of the People will have to submit the necessary lists for the filling of this vacancy,” he said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments He said the decision to disqualify Makwarela came after the city manager requested some documents from Makwarela and a deadline was set, but was not met by him. He said the city manager had no choice but to inform the IEC. But Cope spokesman Dennis Bloem told Daily Sun that the party executive members were meeting this afternoon to discuss the matter. He said that Makwarela is still their member.