REALITY TV star Mohale Motaung is now a club owner. He made the announcement on social media on Monday, 6 March and said he now owns Fusion Cocktail Lounge in Melville, Joburg. Mohale (28) told Daily Sun he’s always wanted to get into the nightlife business. “I wanted to get into this because I love such places that bring people together. A place like this is a place where people get together and have fun. That’s one of my favourite things to do,” he said. He said he’s been working on the club for over a year and is glad it’s finally done. ALSO READ : Giyani Land Of Blood actress is living her dream “This has been in the works for almost a year and a half. Putting a business like this together depends on a lot of things: location, branding, furniture, colours and more. The planning wasn’t as hard because we knew what we wanted. “But putting everything together was difficult. When building a brand you should make sure it communicates with people and that’s why we worked so hard to make this a place people would enjoy. After working on it this much, I’m happy it’s finally done,” he said. The venue officially opened on Monday, 6 March. “We opened last week Friday and yesterday (Monday) was our official day of proper trading. On Friday and throughout the weekend, we were just learning how to do things,” said Mohale. Mogodu Monday!!?????? A vibe Come join us, 12 Main Road. Melville pic.twitter.com/hdvN5chQG6 Mohale said they plan to bring a new meaning to clubbing and night life. “People can expect a very happy vibe. We’ve divided the place into three sections, and they will all be different. We’re trying to bring a different vibe, a lot more effort and a more efficient way of how people can run a club. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “Yesterday, we had Mogodu Mondays. We don’t want to just focus on alcohol, but offer a space for things like fashion shows and events. We’ll introduce a cannabis lounge and we’ll teach about the health benefits of cannabis,” he said. Mohale was previously in a relationship with media personality Somizi Mhlongo. The former couple was once Mzansi’s poster couple with their wedding special Somizi & Mohale: The Union, which earned them a nomination at the South African Film and Television Awards. 