NSFAS is a bursary scheme funded by the Department of Higher Education and Training for students who don’t have money to further their studies. So, social media was abuzz when the Pretoria nightclub, Europa, promoted their special prices by luring Nsfas students. They posted a flyer on social media, which read: “NSFAS ingenile” (NSFAS money is in). But many people felt this was nonsense. Unisa SRC secretary-general, Shatadi Phoshoko, said the club is trying to capitalise on the struggles of poor and marginalised students, especially black students. “It reduces them to mere drunkards. It is insulting to the struggles of students in higher education and society at large. The club must, in fact, be boycotted and rejected for this,” said Shatadi. He said society is struggling with alcohol abuse in young people. “There is gender-based violence in higher education institutions that is caused by alcohol abuse at times. There is poverty where some students go to bed hungry, but here is a club attempting to accelerate all these problems and encourage young people to be irresponsible and spend money on alcohol,” he said.  ALSO READ - Hey, that’s not a baby – it’s booze! TUT SRC president Keamogetswe Masike said the poster was highly irresponsible. “Europa must close. On this day if their target market is our students, we are going to close them down because it shows that they are not interested in the welfare of our students, but they have interest in their money. The same money that must assist students to pay for essentials such as food and other things they need to survive,” he said. President of the Concerned Tshwane Liquor Traders Association, Oupa Mthombeni, said what the club did was wrong and irresponsible. "Advertising is good but compliance with norms and ethics is key. Why would you do that? Law enforcement should confront these establishments when they do something like this. They need to apologise. We have a serious problem of alcohol abuse among our youth. We cannot add this on top of that," he said. REGISTER TO COMMENT When Daily Sun called the club, a man who identified himself as the manager and called himself Jabulani, said: “That was just our marketing team advertising our weekly special. It has nothing to do with students using their Nsfas money." The club has since deleted the poster on social media.