CHAOS continued to reign in the streets of Braamfontein on the sixth day of protests by Wits University students against historic debt and financial exclusion. On Monday, the group returned to the Great Hall where they joined the National Education, Health and Allied Workers Union (NEHAWU) to show solidarity with the students of Wits. NEHAWU national spokesperson Lwazi Nkolonzi said: "Our members have supported the struggle of the students of Wits and stand behind the genuine demands. They are there to pledge solidarity and support." Nkolonzi told Daily Sun that the union's presence is not a one-time thing but a constant outward sign that it is willing to make this journey with the students.  While the situation at the university remains volatile with the suspension of numerous students and others, the group has shown no signs of giving up. The president of the Wits University Student Council, Aphiwe Mnyamana, has allegedly been suspended. Mnyamana, the leader of the Wits University protest against financial exclusion and historical history, was allegedly suspended on Monday, 6 March. He joins other Wits students who had been issued with suspension letters on 2 March, for transgressing the University Laws. "I have sent the suspension letter to the lawyers, and they will be deal with the matter. But this suspension will not stop the protest.” Said Mnyamana  ALSO READ - WATCH: Wits students vow to proceed with protest! Among the demands referred to by the students are that students who owe R15000 and less be allowed to register for their studies despite outstanding balances, that the university must cover the gap created by the NSFAS (National Student Financial Aid Scheme) cap of R45 000 and must provide 150 more energy beds for students sleeping in libraries. These demands have since been amended and more added. This includes, but is not limited to, all students enrolled in 2022 who are academically eligible to return to Wit. Again, they demand an additional 1 000 beds to be provided in addition to the current 500 and for all students who have completed the academic requirements of their degree but are prevented from graduating due to outstanding fees to be able to graduate regardless of the amount of outstanding debt. READ AS WELL - WATCH: Vusi Ma R5's dancer and singer fighting for her life in ICU!  Meanwhile, on Sunday, nearly 200 students marched to the university's vice chancellor's house and allegedly threatened to burn it down. This was confirmed by the university in a statement in which it also condemned the action, calling it 'unacceptable behaviour" and calling on students, student leaders and all other parties to exercise maximum restraint. The institution said it would manage the situation to the best of its ability and also address the challenges ahead. "We are managing the situation as best as we can. However, while we continue to find solutions to these systemic challenges, this behavior is unacceptable as a means to resolve conflict."We will continue to engage but also to preserve the integrity of the academic project, the safety of our staff and students and the University’s infrastructure. It is important and necessary for the academic programme to continue," the institution said.   