FORMER Public Protector, Advocate Thuli Madonsela has expressed shock at Advocate Dali Mpofu's repeated insults about her looks in the Parliament's Committee for Section 194 on Tuesday, 7 March. She said that as a Supreme Court lawyer, Mpofu should have known that he was bringing what was said in the street into the records of Parliament that would last for hundreds of years. Mpofu, who is representing the suspended PP Advocate Busisiwe Mkhwebane in the impeachment proceedings in Parliament, asked a follow-up question to what was asked by UDM leader Bantu Holomisa's question about whether Madonsela did not find it strange that people who had insulted her during the Nkandla saga were now praising her. Mpofu said: "I think you did not answer the question by honorable Holomisa, that the same people who insulted you during the Nkandla debacle, calling you all sorts of names, like CIA spy and other objectionable names, referring to your appearance features. All sorts of despicable things like intombi ebukekayo (beautiful lady), umakoti wase Stellenbosch. The gist of the question was that do you find it strange that those people are now your number one fans." ALSO READ - President Ramaphosa announces new cabinet! Madonsela said the question was low, even by Mpofu's standards. "Chair, allow me to say, even by your standard Advocate Mpofu this was the lowest. You concede to bring insults that have been in the public domain into this record. I am shocked beyond measure that you as an advocate of the high court in this country have taken slurs that have been said to me...You have brought what former President Jacob Zuma said about my looks in the streets to this record. That is shocking and that is unprofessional," said Madonsela. Mpofu said he did not support the insults. Madonsela told the inquiry that she did not sign or approve the SARB/CIEX and Vrede Dairy Farm reports when she left the PP office. Mpofu again repeated his claim that Madonsela's statement was not a proper affidavit because she made changes to it after it was filed. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments The former PP said Mpofu was distorting facts about how changes in the statement came about. "Answer the question ma'am. Don't insult me. I feel nothing to be insulted by people like you. Just don't do it," said visibly angry Mpofu. "Again, Mr. Mpofu this is not my impeachment. It is your client's impeachment," said Madonsela. Mpofu accused chairman of the committee, Qubudile Dyantyi, of turning the inquiry into a circus. "It's not you who must be listened to. Switch off that mic," said Dyantyi. Madonsela was the final witness, and the committee is expected to make recommendations and submit its report to Parliament next month.