THE EFF launched their 10th anniversary celebration at Constitutional Hill in Joburg on Tuesday, 28 February. This is the same venue used in July 2013 when party leader, Julius Malema, and his deputy, Floyd Shivambu, announced they were starting a political party. This happened after their infamous exit as ANC Youth League members. Addressing the media, Malema said after 10 years of existence, they have made the credible determination that they are ready to govern South Africa. ALSO READ: EFF vows to cause more havoc! Malema said the EFF is a protest movement founded on the principles of anti-capitalism, anti-sexism, anti-corruption and anti-racism. “This gallant movement for economic emancipation has grown in leaps and bounds since the fateful question of what is to be was asked at Uncle Tom’s Hall in Soweto, 10 years ago. “Formed after the painful Marikana Massacre, which proved to be a decisive moment in post-democratic South Africa, the EFF has been a response to centuries of land dispossession and the humiliation of colonial conquest which still defines South Africa today,” he said. Malema said it was the Marikana Massacre that shifted the national consciousness of the nation and provided the bitter realisation that the former liberation movement had indeed abandoned the poor and collaborated with white-monopoly capital to murder mine workers. ♦?Happening Now♦?We are at the 10th Anniversary Media Launch that is taking place at Constitutional Hill.10 Years Later, The EFF is still here and it’s still growing.#EFFTurns10 pic.twitter.com/C43rRr7Y7A  You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “Today, the EFF reaches a decade of existence, which has been defined by an unbroken commitment to the liberation of our people. It has been 10 years of resilience, bravery and selflessness, despite the many doomsayers who tried to frame the EFF as destined for failure,” he said. Highlighting some their success, Malema said as it stands, the party has more than 1 000 public representatives, who are present in Parliament, provincial legislatures and councils across the country. He said the EFF Caucus tabled a motion of land expropriation without compensation, which was adopted and has led to the farmland release programme of the Ekurhuleni metro. “The EFF Caucus in the Free State Legislature exposed Estina-Vrede Dairy Farm corruption and maladministration,” he said. He further said leading up for their 10-year anniversary, they will host a celebration with the people of Marikana at the koppie on 26 July before heading to the FNB Stadium on 29 July. “This celebration will be to honour those whose blood nourishes the soil at Marikana, and whose lives continue to inspire our determination to bring dignity to the lives of black people,” he said. ♦?Must Watch♦?The EFF at it’s 10th Anniversary Media Launch at the Constitutional Hill.The EFF has exhibited both quantitative and qualitative growth since its birth, and has been a permanent feature in the political terrain of South Africa.#EFFTurns10 pic.twitter.com/rB17ZvyxIJ    