THE South African Federation of Trade Unions (Saftu) has opened a criminal case against former Eskom CEO Andre de Ruyter at the Hillbrow Police Station in Joburg on Monday, 6 March. According to Saftu, the laying of charges is in accordance with section 34 of the Preventation and Combating of Corruption Activities (PRECCA). In an exclusive interview on private TV show last month, De Ruyter revealed incriminating information about the alleged involvement of organised syndicates involved in sabotage, theft, and corruption at the struggling power utility. Saftu secretary general Zwelinzima Vavi said they then wrote him a letter asking him to explain whether he had reported these allegations to the police, and if not, why he had not done so. ALSO READ: GRAVE HORROR - Curse of needle pierced dolls! He said that they did not receive a response from De Ruyter, which prompted them to bring the charges against him. Vavi said De Ruyter's statements during questioning were evidence that he had knowledge, or at least reasonable suspicion, of various corruption cases and criminal activities within Eskom and among the ranks of politicians, especially one or two ministers who gave advice to enable corrupt activities by suggesting that he feed some people. “De Ruyter, in his capacity as the former Group CEO of Eskom, is a person of authority and therefore ought to have made these reports in terms of PRECCA and in terms of Section 34(2) of PRECCA, the failure to make such a report is regarded as an offence. “It is therefore requested that a criminal investigation be registered and investigated by the SAPS in accordance with Section 34 of PRECCA,” Vavi said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments This is the second criminal case laid against De Ruyter to get him to come clean about corruption at the power utility. The Western Cape police also confirmed that a case of corruption was registered at Cape Town cop shop on Monday, 27 February. Police spokesman Captain FC Van Wyk said the case docket will be transferred to SAPS in Sandton, Gauteng for further investigation.  