THE National Education, Health and Allied Workers’ Union's (Nehawu) planned a public service strike will go ahead on Monday morning, 6 March. This is despite the Department of Public Service and Administration (DPSA)  interdicting it through the Labour Court. The strike was prompted by wage negotiations, which broke down in February, where the department was offering a 4,7% increase while unions were demanding an increase of between 10 and 12%. According to Nehawu President Mike Shingange, the Joburg Labour Court ruled in favour of the department to interdict their strike action. ALSO READ: SAMWU demands action on corruption claims! He said the matter was heard on Saturday, 4 March, after being postponed from 3 March. Shingange said the court decided to grant the interdict to the department but the judge said he would only deliver his reasons on Monday, 6 March. “As Nehawu, we are shocked by this decision to interdict us with no reason provided. The leadership of the union met with the legal team to deliberate on a suitable legal recourse. “In this regard, we wish to confirm that the union has filed the application for leave to appeal at 3.30pm to give a go-ahead to our strike commencing on 6 March 2023 until the leave to appeal is determined,” said Shingange. He said this means that by implication Section 18 of the Superior Courts Act 10 of 2013 kicks in, which automatically suspends operation of the court order until the leave to appeal is determined. The department’s spokesman Moses Mushi said they received a strike notice from the union on 24 February. Mushi said they respected the rights of trade unions to organise and the rights of members to embark on peaceful and lawful protests, including pickets and strikes. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “It is the commitment of government to ensure that these hard fought for rights are discharged in a manner that does not disrupt service delivery, especially in relation to essential services such as health. “Government believes that matters of mutual interest can still be resolved through orderly collective bargaining at the appropriate forum established for such purpose,” he said. Mushi said the government would continue to call on all unions to go back to the Bargaining Chamber to negotiate and resolve matters through dialogue.  