CLASSES have been suspended at Capricorn TVET College Seshego campus outside Polokwane, Limpopo as protesting students have been causing havoc from Tuesday, 28 February. The angry students burnt a car, guard house and smashed windows of various buildings. They are protesting over the shortage of lecturers and the unpaid monthly Nsfas funds. Protesters sang outside the college gate on the first day and cops were called, who used rubber bullets and tear gas to disperse them. Some students were hurt and an unconfirmed number of them were taken to hospital. A student alleged that management failed to send their results and registration report to Nsfas on time. “That denied us getting the monthly Nsfas allowance. We are suffering because college management is playing us. Students are dropping out,” he said. ALSO READ : 'Sex pest' councillor faces more music! College spokesman Madire Mashabela denied the allegations, saying the institution has appointed lecturers. Polokwane| Capricorn Tvet College, Seshego Campus. Students set the college on fire last night following a protest over NSFAS allowances.It is said that @myNSFAS grants the TVET R3400 per student but the Tvet gives them R2100 each.@CapricornTVET are you open for a call? pic.twitter.com/11EheFuvGB  “The lecturers commenced their duties on 17 February. Therefore, there is currently no shortage of the lecturing staff at the Seshego campus,” said Mashabela. According to Mashabela, Nsfas does not get the results from the college but from the Department of Higher Education, Science and Innovation. However, in some cases, Nsfas may ask to get confirmation of the results from the college if they are not clear. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “At this stage, the college has not yet received a list that requires confirmation on our side. Teaching and learning activities are not taking place but the campus is not closed as the situation is calm,” said Mashabela. Police spokesperson Colonel Malesela Ledwaba confirmed that four students were bust on Tuesday, 28 February at about 4.45pm. "The angry students approached the main gate singing and started throwing stones at security guards, damaging the admin block, examination offices and burnt two vehicles in the process," Ledwaba said. Ledwaba added that the arrested suspects have appeared in the Seshego Magistrates Court on Thursday, 2 March.      