  A FORMER labour union deputy president has been divorced by his wife of 12 years because of his roving eye and for being a financially irresponsible father and husband. The 50-year-old was accused of sleeping around by his businesswoman wife in her divorce papers, which Daily Sun have seen. The ex-couple, who can’t be named for legal reasons, have an eight-year-old daughter together. The 30-year-old woman, who runs a successful business in Joburg, told the court that her husband had such an insatiable appetite for extra marital affairs that he made sexual advances on one of her bridesmaid – who is also her cousin – on their wedding day in 2011. After their wedding, the couple agreed that the man, who was working in Mpumalanga at the time, would visit their Joburg home every weekend to build their marriage. However, he soon missed coming home on weekends and when he did, he did not sleep in their marital home. ALSO READ - PICS: Madala blames Eskom for 'divorce'! “On the occasions that he did go home, the defendant would spend his time with his biker friends,” wrote Judge J Swanepoel in a scathing and unprecedented judgment delivered in the Pretoria High Court on 21 February. The wife told the court that between 2013 and 2014 her ex-husband was involved in multiple relationships, including a married family friend. “He was also involved in relationships with two other women, and from 2016 to 2017, with a forth person, also a family friend who was engaged to be married to another family friend,” read the documents. The stroke that broke the camel’s back, was when the man moved in with one of his wife’s employees in a flat in Durban, leading to the woman to file for divorce. The wife also told the court that the man was financially abusing her, especially after losing his job in Mpumalanga. “The entire burden of maintaining the household financially fell on the plaintiff, with the defendant not making any contribution. The defendant received a settlement payment of R275 000 from his previous employer but refused to divulge to plaintiff what he had done with the money. It certainly did not go towards the maintenance of the home,” noted the judge. After losing his job in 2019, the woman employed him in her company with a salary of R35 000 per month. He soon complained that it was not enough, and the wife increased his salary to R44 100 but the man still grumbled with the wife finally paying him R90 000 per month. “None of the defendant’s income was used to support his family. He would go on weekend getaways with girlfriends, inter alia to Cape Town, and he maintained a girlfriend in an apartment in Durban,” read the judgment. REGISTER TO COMMENT The woman said that the man also had relationships with at least four of her female employees while working for her company. Added to this, the woman claimed that the man also extorted more money from her by claiming that her company car was stolen while he was using it in Durban. "The vehicle was then allegedly "recovered" by people only known to the defendant and the plaintiff had to pay money to those people for the recovery of the vehicle,” read the papers. As a result of these allegations and the fact that the man has been giving the court the runaround since the woman filed for divorce, the judge had no choice but to grant the woman’s demands. The man will not benefit anything from their estate, despite the fact that they were married through the accrual system, the judge said. He also has to support their child for R5 000 a month, who will primarily stay with the mother.