THE Department of Public Service and Administration (DPSA) has condemned the "disruptive" actions by striking healthcare workers. This comes after a week-long strike by workers affiliated to the National Education, Health and Allied Workers Union (Nehawu) turned violent across the country. Workers prevented and blocked non-striking workers from entering health facilities. DPSA spokesman Moses Mushi said while the government acknowledged the right of workers to raise their concerns, no one had the authority to block anyone from accessing healthcare and other government facilities in the country as health services were a basic right. ALSO READ: WATCH: KUNZIMA! Double pain for patients Mushi said the government called upon all parties involved in the public services wage negotiations to return to the Public Service Co-ordinating Bargaining Council Collective Agreement (PSCBC). He said this would allow them to continue with negotiations and find solutions that would be in the best interest of the country. Nehawu members were demanding a 10% increase to their salaries. As a result, they embarked on a national strike bringing several hospitals to a total shutdown. The most affected areas were Free State, KZN, Northern Cape, Eastern Cape and Gauteng. On Thursday, Health Minister Joe Phaahla visited Charlotte Maxeke Hospital. He said the situation had calmed down, however noted the effects brought on by the strike. [Read] Government has condemned the disruptive actions of some protesting workers at some government facilities https://t.co/8qTw97ZbBc pic.twitter.com/UU7XK0GqQQ During the briefing, Phaahla said four people have likely lost their lives "in a manner which can be attributed to the protest". Human Settlements and Infrastructure Development MEC Lebogang Maile warned that patients in public health facilities were at high risk in case of any equipment failure. “We are working together with our sister departments, especially Department of Health (DoH), to avoid any interruptions or acts of sabotage in relation to maintenance of critical Infrastructure. “The strike has forced us to be vigilant and apply extra measures to counter any acts of sabotage in all our facilities. We are doing our level best in order to avoid any tragic eventuality that may occur,” said Maile. According to police spokeswoman Brigadier Athlenda Mathe, four people have since been arrested.