TODAY, Sunday 12 March, marks exactly two years since the late Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini passed on. He led a united Zulu monarch for almost 50 years until his passing on 12 March 2021. After his death, his family divided into three factions, each led by his three sons: Prince Simakade, King Misuzulu and Prince Buzabazi. They have fighting for the throne, however, President Cyril Ramaphosa recognised King Misuzulu as king on 16 March 2022. ALSO READ: Prince Thami 'fired'! On Sunday 12 March, the third Zulu throne contestant Prince Buzabazi Zulu faction would host the commemoration for King Zwelithini at Emahhashini in Nongoma where Zwelithini's wives were expected to attend and lay wreaths on his grave. King Zwelithini’s brother Prince Mbonisi Zulu, who is Prince Buzabazi backer, told Daily Sun that everyone was invited to attend. “The commemoration will be held at Kwamjaji mountain known as Nhliziyonye where late king Zwelithini used to host church services for different churches. “We will honour him and pray for him and his queens will have the opportunity to lay wreaths on his resting place,” he said. King Misuzulu spokesman Nhlanhla Mtaka told Daily Sun the king and Zulu monarch traditional Prime Minister Prince Mangosuthu Buthelezi would do a commemoration live on Ukhozi FM. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “I will not talk much but everyone has a right to do the late king Zwelithini's commemoration. I will not comment about what others are doing,” he said. Prince Simakade's spokesman Prince Mandlakapheli Zulu told Daily Sun the prince Simakade would not attend the commemoration organised by Prince Mbonisi. “Prince Mbonisi made it clear that he is backing prince Buzabazi as the king. Our king Prince Simakade can’t go there because it might be a trap. “Because Prince Simakade respects King Zwelithini’s wives as his mothers, he decided to not host his parallel commemoration because it would have made his mothers choose. He is working on uniting the royal house, not to divide it,” he said. Last year king Zwelithini's wives attended the one-year commemoration organised by Prince Mbonisi held at KwaKhethomthandayo royal palace while King Misuzulu had his own at KwaKhangelamankengane royal palace on the same day. 