Alleged racist Jody Botha has allegedly committed suicide just after his trial began. Botha was supposed to give the court proof of his bipolar disorder claims at the Meyerton court on Thursday, 9 March. Botha allegedly assaulted Mpho Mbhele in October 2022 at a restaurant in Meyerton in the Midvaal. He allegedly dragged him on the street with his feet while calling him the K-word. The video of the incident went viral on social media and as a result, Mbhele was assisted by political parties to open a case against Botha. On 3 February, Botha’s legal team told the court that their client had a bipolar disorder at the time when he assaulted Mbhele. ALSO READ: Crash claims pupils' lives! The legal team also alleged their client had been in and out of hospital several times with regards to his mental illness. In response to that, the court ordered the legal team to bring medical proof and records to prove Botha’s illness on the next court date (Thursday, 9 March). On the day of the court case, Botha's legal team presented a death certificate stating that their client had died. Daily Sun has learnt that Botha had allegedly committed suicide pending the proceedings of his trial. It is alleged that his suicide happened on 21 February. After the court received and acknowledged the death certificate, the case was dismissed. A source close to the family provided Daily Sun with Botha’s suicide note which read: “I’m sorry for what I have done and I cannot see a way out of my situation, my name is ruined after the video and everyone knows.” SUBSCRIBE to read comments The letter continued: “I hope there will be closure for everyone.” After the court dismissed the case, Mbhele thanked ANC members for their support. He said he wanted to know why Botha decided to take his own life instead of facing the law after what he did to him. Mbhele said that he didn’t receive justice but rather, a victory.   ANC Midvaal secretary Molifi Mosala, said the party is going to demand to see postmortem results of Botha's death. He added that they are going to take Mbhele to the prosecutor to hold Botha's death certificate in his hand for him to finally get the closure he needs. 