WITS University SRC president Aphiwe Mnyamana (22) has been barred from entering the university. This comes after he was suspended by the institution on Monday, 6 March, for failing to appear at a hearing. The university confirmed this in a statement on Monday, saying: "We refer to Mr Aphiwe Mnyamana's tweet posted at 8.31pm tonight and confirm that Mr Mnyamana was suspended on 6 March." Wits referred to a tweet in which Aphiwe confirmed the suspension and said was awaiting instructions from his lawyers. "He failed to appear at a suspension hearing scheduled for today 6 Monday, despite having been provided with ample opportunity to make representations at such hearing," read the university's statement. ALSO READ - GRAVE HORROR - Curse of needle pierced dolls! In the same tweet, he also said the protest would continue with or without him. In addition, the institution said in the statement: "He will not be allowed to access any of Wits’ premises, participate in university activities, and engage in conduct which constitutes "student privileges", and will not be allowed to stay in Wits’ residences until the legal process is finalized." Aphiwe has been at the centre stage in recent days. He has been recognized as being the leader of the Wits University protest against financial exclusion and historic debt which began on Thursday. Following disruptions to practices, damage to property and intimidation of security personnel, several students have since been suspended and Aphiwe now joins that list. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments According to the university, the allegations against Aphiwe are of a serious nature. "The allegations relate to conduct that infringed on the rights of others, resulted in damage to property, and the intimidation of members of the university community, among other things," said the institution. Wits said they will now let the legal process take its course. "I have been suspended by the university. The fight will continue because I am not pressurized to lead this or leading these marches for my own personal goals, but I am leading because I am supporting these students. "So, whether or not the university suspends me, these students will continue to fight for their rights, and I will continue outside to pressurize this university to come and sit to discuss with us because we believe the university can afford to meet our demands," said Aphiwe.