TSHWANE EFF members have been accused of trespassing and disrupting a polygraph test being done by ActionSA councillors on Monday, 6 March. The Red Berets were also accused of stealing the polygraph equipment. ActionSA organised the test to find party members who betrayed their multi-party coalition last week by voting for Cope's Murunwa Makwarela instead of DA member Cilliers Brink to become the Tshwane mayor. According to ActionSA national chairman Michael Beaumont, the EFF councillors disrupted the polygraph tests to stop the truth from coming out. ALSO READ: Tshwane multi-party coalition betrayed! Beaumont said they were outraged by the criminal behaviour of EFF councillors, including their regional chairman Obakeng Ramabodu, who allegedly trespassed on a private venue. “This latest move by the EFF demonstrates how desperate they are to stop the truth from coming out, and that they are willing to do anything to hide what is believed to be the criminal bribing of councillors within the coalition,” he said. Beaumont said they were now more convinced they'd get to the bottom of what the EFF was allegedly trying to hide about how their candidate for mayor was elected. “The EFF is revealing itself daily as a criminal enterprise that is willing to do criminal acts to protect their newfound alliance with the ANC. ActionSA will not rest until those involved are arrested and removed as councillors from the City of Tshwane,” he said. Responding to the allegations, EFF's regional chairman Ramabodu said they noted on Monday that while a special council sitting was convened at Tshwane House Municipal Chambers, multi-party councillors of ActionSA were undergoing a polygraph test in Midrand. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments He said they proceeded to seize polygraph test devices and hand them over to Midrand Police Station. “We warn polygraph test companies, including the venue in Midrand, to stay away from politics or otherwise deal with the political consequences. Why are Freedom Front Plus councillors not going through the test? Is it because they are all white? “We will be approaching the Human Rights Commission on the same matter to persuade ActionSA to stop this immoral process,” he said. 