THE family of a three-year-old boy who died at a creche is angry. Kganya Mokhele died on Tuesday, 7 March when a bookshelf fell on him at Ashford ECD Centre in Bedfordview, His mkhulu, Sipho Radebe, expressed how unhappy they are with the creche because after the incident, they allegedly did not receive any information from the centre. “When we got to the hospital, there was not a single person from the creche to tell us what happened. The treatment we got from the creche was horrible. We asked for the police, and they only arrived after an hour. When we asked why were they only arriving at the scene an hour later, they told us that they only got a call 10 minutes ago.   “I am sure it wasn’t the school’s intention to do this, but the way they handled it was upsetting. They tried to cover it up,” said Sipho. Sipho said from what they saw on the footage, the incident could have been avoided. “The cabinet is about 1,5 metres long and about 2 metres wide, and it fell on this little boy. All four teachers from the footage we saw were on their phones. The nurses at the hospital advised that the boy didn’t die at the hospital as well,” he said. On Wednesday, 8 March, Gauteng Education MEC Matome Chiloane visited Ashford ECD Centre in Bedfordview where the toddler died. Chiloane said he was saddened by the death of Kganya Mokhe, who died on Tuesday, 7 March. The MEC expressed that he was crushed by the incident.  “As the department, we are saddened and we will do our best to ensure that the level of information you will need, you will get. It is not easy to bury a child. Our children are supposed to bury us instead. We will be compliant and ensure that all ECD centres are properly compliant and safe,” he said. ALSO READ: Flushing mess at CRECHE! CEO of Ashford group, Cedric Ntumba, said they're terribly saddened by what happened and were willing to take responsibility. “This is the first time an incident like this happens. I have communicated that we will be compliant and participate in any investigation. We are hurt. Our families are hurt and so is the staff. We will make sure that this never happens again,” Ntumba said. School principal Natasha Luke explained how the incident happened. “He tried to reach for a toy and as he was grabbing it, he fell and the shelve fell on him. The staff that were on duty immediately took action. They did a CPR on him and contacted paramedics,” Luke said. REGISTER TO COMMENT! The MEC said they would ensure that the right thing is done and the correct measures are taken. 