HEALTH workers in Gauteng continued to strike on Thursday, 9 March, despite an interdict to stop them. The provincial health department approached the Labour Court on Wednesday night, 8 March, to get an interim interdict. This was to prevent striking workers from obstructing access to health facilities. The strike has entered its fourth day, leaving scores of people without proper medical care. Department spokesman Motalatale Modiba said the interdict it obtained against the National Education, Health and Allied Workers' Union (Nehawu) was applicable with immediate effect. "The department was left with no choice but to seek relief from the courts given the dire impact of the strike in various facilities where the lives of both patients and staff were under threat," said Modiba. He said some hospitals experienced "total shutdowns" as was the case at Kopanong, Sebokeng, Thelle Mogoerane and Bheki Mlangeni hospitals. He said ambulance drivers were threatened from responding to calls and denied access in and out of hospitals. ALSO READ: Nehawu strike to proceed despite court interdict! "It further prohibits the protestors from barricading entrances and buildings, molesting, assaulting, threatening and intimidating any member of staff in or out patient, contractors, visitors or officials of GDoH," said Modiba. He said police have been given an order to take all necessary step to ensure the interdict was enforced. Meanwhile, the South African Communist Party (SACP) in the Moses Mabhida region, KZN, has pledged its solidarity with the public service unions who have embarked on strike to demand better conditions of service. The NEHAWU strike won't end well , those fat belly ministers in parliament want to see blood first before any interventions are made , there was R22 million almost spent on flag but no money to pay government workers ?? pic.twitter.com/Mf85xuDFr1  "Over years, salaries of workers are eroded by pervasive inflationary fluctuations reflected in rising costs of living thus thwarting the ability of workers to support their lives," read the statement. Moreover, the party said the reeling effect of the interest hikes and petrol increases have eroded the wages of the already economically battered workers. Striking workers are demanding 10% salary increase, a R2 500 housing allowance and improved medical aid benefits. The South African Medical Association (Sama) said it was unfortunate that patients were bearing the brunt of the strike. Sama vice chairman Mvuyisi Mzukwa said: “We are essential services, meaning that we are prohibited from having a strike. Every doctor knows that. They know that they are dealing with the most vulnerable in society. The community members are being blocked from accessing healthcare facilities. Secondly, those that are already admitted cannot get their medication. Those that are in the ICU or admitted in the wards cannot, at all, have access to life-saving medicines.”