The National Education, Health and Allied Workers Union (NEHAWU) said it would continue the strike until the government comes to the negotiating table. The NEHAWU-affiliated members across the country embarked on a national shutdown demanding 10% salary increments. The NEHAWU national treasurer, Kgomotso Mokhupola, who addressed NEHAWU members in Mahikeng in the North West on Monday, said: "today's strike was mainly about collective bargaining." “We have tabled demands at the Public Service Co-ordinating Bargaining Council (PSCBC); however, those demands have not been attended to. “Instead, what the government is doing, is applying the same tactics they did all these years. They are unilaterally implementing what they think is correct for the workers,” she said. ALSO READ - WATCH: Wits students vow to proceed with protest! Mokhupola further said that they will not take what the government will give them, which is 3%. She added that the government is misleading the public by giving them 7.5% in the past years, which is not true. “In fact, what the government gave us was a mere 4.5% including a gratuity allowance of R8000. The gratuity allowance was a non-pensionable allowance, and the government will take it away in the coming salary negotiations. “That means the salary brackets of the workers will go down. So, we do not want the 3% that the government wants to force on us, we want a 10% increase,” said Mokhupola. She said they have appealed the interdict from the Department of Services and Administration. Makhupola said it was absurd for the government to expect the same disgruntled workers to diligently render services to the public. “It started in 2018 when the government resumed on a particular resolution. The same government expects the same workers to render service to the public. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments "So, it must come to the party, even if that means we meet each other halfway, not us being shown the middle finger by it,” said Makhupola. Meanwhile, North West police spokesman Captain Sam Tselanyane said" "We can confirm that three NEHAWU members aged 32, 40 and 56 respectively have been arrested by police for public violence. They will appear in court once they have been charged. Therefore, I cannot say at this moment when they will appear in court. 