 AFRICAN People's Convention (APC) leader, Themba Godi has called for Public Enterprises Minister Pravin Gordhan to go. Godi was reacting to Gordhan’s admission that former Eskom CEO, Andre De Ruyter spoke to him about alleged corruption at Eskom. Godi said it was clear the minister was not ethical. "Pravin Gordhan presented himself as an anti-corruption crusader, but clearly he is not as ethical as he claims. His discussions with De Ruyter about corruption at Eskom are the tip of the iceberg," he said. He said Gordhan and the whole neocolonial gang must fall. Build One South Africa leader, Mmusi Maimane, has opened a criminal case against the minister and De Ruyter to give more information on the said corruption at the power utility on Monday, 27 February. "De Ruyter has stated in the television interview that he acknowledges his obligation to report all such crimes by law. If indeed he has done so, then he would have the 'receipt' envisaged by the reporting guides of the SAPS to prove that he has done so," said Maimane.   ALSO READ - Eskom spokesman steps down! He said it was up to the police to get a sworn affidavit from Gordhan on what he did with the information he received from De Ruyter. "President Cyril Ramaphosa is not off the hook. It must be ascertained what he knew about this matter and what he did about it," said Maimane. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments De Ruyter was initially set to leave Eskom at the end of March, but it was announced on Tuesday last week that he left with immediate effect. There have been rumours that Gordhan may be the senior government leader De Ruyter spoke about. In an interview with Newzroom Afrika, Gordhan said: "Yes, he made allusions about certain individuals, but it was precisely that, allusions. And, as far as the law is concerned, or my understanding of the law is concerned, I can't just arbitrarily point to someone and say that person is involved, either being corrupt or involved in corruption." On the other hand, President Cyril Ramaphosa has denied any knowledge of shielding certain ministers from the alleged corruption at Eskom.  