PATIENTS at Charlotte Maxeke Hospital are worried about their health. This is because of the protest by Nehawu members who have been protesting across the country for the past three days demanding a 10% salary increase. On Wednesday, 8 March, the entrance to the hospital was barricaded and patients were either turned away or discharged while they still needed medical attention.  Reeling in pain as he was pushed out of the hospital in a wheelchair, a patient suffering from gangrene said he was devastated by what was happening. ALSO READ: Health workers' strike leaves patients stranded! The man, who was admitted to the hospital three days ago, said doctors told him he would be discharged despite the pain in his leg. "Everything was going well, but all of a sudden they said I would have to be discharged because of the protest. I am in pain. I don't know what is going to happen," he said. A cancer patient told Daily Sun he was lucky he got help for his treatment, even though he still needed go back for check-up.  But he is worried he might not get helped. "I am from Springs and coming here is expensive. When I came today, I thought the protest would be over, but it wasn't the case. I don't even know where I will get transport money to come back here,” he said. Charlotte Maxeke Hospital was not the only health facility affected by the protest. Sign in to unlock all things good According to Gauteng Health spokesman Motalatale Modiba, in some instances roads were blocked and ambulances could not attend to emergency calls or even transport patients. Modiba noted with concern the number of healthcare workers who felt intimidated by the situation.   He said some expressed feelings of discomfort in working in that environment while others could not even enter or leave the facilities. "In some other cases we have seen a high degree of intimidation with workers feeling that the environment is not conducive for them, but we still continue to provide services to patients within our facilities," said Modiba.