A BUNDLE of documents with allegations of the Durban Solid Waste (DSW) tender corruption were brought to the eThekwini municipality City Integrity Investigation Unit (CIIU) anonymously. The first witness, Mbuso Ngcobo who is employed by the eThekwini municipality as Head of City Integrity Investigation Unit (CIIU) revealed in court that allegations were brought to them by an anonymous person. ALSO READ - Nonku's half a million gone Ngcobo first informed the court about his position and what he does. He said his work is to investigate everything, relating to wrong doing with money. "We get allegations in different forms, through letters detailing allegations to be investigated, emails and calls from whistleblowers.  We also do get walk ins from people who bring information." he said. He said people know now that this is done anonymously. "After we receive the information, we firstly register the information because we are audited so that it's known that any matter that is received is investigated. Once investigations are done a report is put together and sent to me," he said. He said he would then give approval for the team that he works with to start the investigation. ALSO READ: Zandile Gumede in court! "We have internal, panel and forensic investigators," he said. He said regarding the matter that he was called in court for, someone brought allegations in a bunch of documents. "The complaint was about the collection of waste in the city. When the panel that I work with saw the complaint we looked at the complaint and saw that there was a lot of work to be done on the matter we then concluded that we needed external help in the matter. The external service provider was the integrity. He said at that time there were 17 companies doing investigations. "So when this matter came one company that was finished with another investigation was given this task, to investigate this matter," he said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments He said the identified company to do the investigation did have an approval letter from him to be able to speak to anyone who they needed to speak to regarding the case they were given to investigate. "The company that was selected does investigation under CIIU. They do the work individually but they do communicate with me once in a while," he said. He said after he received the interim report from the company in 2019 he noticed that indeed there was a strong case and forwarded the matter to the SAPS. And also brought the matter to the city manager. However, the matter will proceed today, 8 March. Meanwhile, the state yesterday revealed that the former mayor, Zandile Gumede, is in concert with accused 2, 3, 4 and 5 who used her office to capture and Co-opt role players in the political structures of the eThekwini, the administration, the supply chain management as well as the financial components of eThekwini. The state has attempted to present an overview of the evidence that it will rely on as to the extent of the operations of the enterprise, relating to the corrupt and fraudulent manner in which the DSW, the Supply Chain management system, finance and administration were manipulated to ensure the awarding of the DSW Tender to Accused 12, 14, 17 and 20. The roles of each of the accused support the racketeering charges. It is clear that the predicate offences of fraud and corruption gave rise to a host of other offences including amongst others, money laundering and contravening sections of the municipality system act. 