A TOP retailer usually donates expensive food to a home for gogos and mkhulus. But residents of Daveyton, Ekurhuleni claimed that the elderly have never tasted the food as care workers at Rose May Dabula Retirement Home are allegedly stealing it. So, the suspected caregivers recently found residents waiting for them outside the home, and they marched them back into the premises to return the food they allegedly took. Plastics were filled with fruit salads, yoghurt, fruit, peanuts, sushi, salmon and other fancy healthy food. ALSO READ: Why gatvol gogos want manager gone Mkhulu Paul Sibanyoni, who represents the elderly at the home, told Daily Sun they eat unhealthy food. "We eat just to fill up the stomach, but the food is not okay at all. We are sometimes given two slices of bread with jam and no tea. "You have to drink tap water to wash it all down. We hear that there is sushi, fruit salad and other nice food, but we don't taste them," he said. He said the other elderly are afraid to speak for fear of being victimised. “I'm targeted because I challenge them," he said. The home has about 20 elderly people and they allegedly take R1 700 from their pension money. "We pay a lot of money but the treatment we receive and the food we eat is disgusting," said the elderly. Penelope Gwebu, community leader and ActionSA member, said: "These people receive salaries, but they are still greedy." She said the elderly are not treated well. "Their blankets are dirty and the food is not good for their health. Fridges are empty, yet food is delivered twice a week. We opened a case against the alleged thieves," she said. You have to be SIGNED IN to comment But centre manager Emily Mohlamonyane denied the allegations, saying the food was given to the care workers as it wasn't good for the elderly. "The food is not rotten, but has dents," she said. Gauteng social development spokeswoman Busie Kheswa said the department conducted an investigation. "The management and staff of the centre was held hostage by a group of community members who alleged that some staff stole food from the home. Upon investigation, it was found that the food was a donation from Woolworths. The manager confirmed that it's indeed expired foodstuff from a retailer and was given to staff members as per agreement, and it wasn't stolen as alleged," she said. Constable Ntando Mbonani of Daveyton cop shop said a case of theft was opened.  