AN alleged card scammer escaped death on Wednesday, 1 March. This after an angry mob overturned a car she was in, forcibly pulled her out of it and beat her up. The incident happened in the Eshowe CBD, northern KZN. The car she was in belonged to two private investigators who were apparently hired by banks to investigate the spike in bank card scams. The investigators allegedly caught the woman in the act and took her to their VW Polo to hand her over to cops. The woman was saved from the mob by traffic cops, who handed her over to cops. She was detained but later released due to insufficient evidence.  After she was arrested, the mob stripped the car belonging to the investigators who were also injured during the attack. A resident told Daily Sun the woman was allegedly found in possession of a victim's bank cards. ''As the residents, we are sick and tired of ATM scammers. It started a long time ago and we know that she is not working alone, but the residents have sent the message to others who still want to do it," she said, adding that people wanted to kill her. ALSO READ: Thugs bomb ATM – ‘I felt the ground shaking in my sleep’ Another resident said she was shocked that the suspect was a woman as scammers often targeted Sassa grant beneficiaries. “How can she target poor people who only depend on the little Sassa money they get?” Umlalazi Mayor Queen Xulu the vehicle belonging to the investigators was nearly torched after it was overturned. “We are pleading with residents to desist from taking the law into their own hands. We understand the seriousness of perpetual occurrence of various crimes that continue to terrorise our residents," she said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments KZN police spokeswoman Lieutenant-Colonel Nqobile Gwala told Daily Sun Eshowe cops were investigating a case of public violence after three people were attacked and their vehicle was overturned by residents. “Two security officers sustained injuries during the incident. No cases of fraud were opened at Eshowe, and no arrests were made,” she said.       