MOST of today’s youth have been struggling to break through to the PSL as opposed to those of yesteryear. Even youngsters who make it to the top flight struggle to make an impact, which also cause them to have pressure and trauma. Coaches and football agents told SunSport that there are a lot of reasons that make most youth fail to reach their true potential or high standards set by legends such as Lucas Radebe, Doctor Khumalo, Tebogo Moloi, and the late John “Shoes” Moshoeu. Former Black Leopards mentor Floyd Mogale said the lack of good role models is one of the challenges that affect the youth. Said Mogale: “Everybody in life wants to be a CEO, chairman or top player and if things don’t happen the way they planned, it becomes a challenge. They don’t have proper role models and as a result, they try do short cut as nobody is moulding them.” Mogale revealed that coaches are also to blame for giving youth false hope. “Gone are those days where we produce complete players like Lovers Mohlala, Benson Mhlongo, Steven Pienaar and OJ Mabizela. “We are not developing proper players instead we develop incomplete players and give them false hope that they will make it (to the PSL) when they are half cooked. As coaches we are not honest. How can you do a cut and paste? Mogale said that not having good coaches at youth level has also affected the development of football at grassroot level. “We had good youth coaches then like Pitso Mosimane, Floyd Mogale, Mandla Ncikazi, the list is endless. But now we have a lot of unknown coaches. When a player plays for DStv Diski Challenge teams and appears on TV, we think they are well developed and expect results.” Joel Masutha, who also coached Leopards and Chippa United, said the current crop of players fail to realise their dream due to a lack of discipline. “I think players are not breaking through compared to yesteryear due to a lack of respect for their elders. When you have respect you also need to be disciplined. They do things we didn’t do when we were young like smoke, drink alcohol and have many girlfriends.” TS Galaxy boss and former football agent Tim Sukazi said: “The way of living today is different as opposed to yesteryear. There were not too many options (except playing soccer), hence they made it through. We need to invest in infrastructure and education. Those two are key to success. Naturally, we are born with talent in South Africa, but it disappears if not natured properly. Football agent Jazzman Mahlakgane said other youth struggle as they want a quick route to the PSL.