AS A PRESENTER and comedian at the SABC, Livhu earned his money by making people laugh. But at home, there was very little to laugh about. AND THERE IS NOTHING FUNNY ABOUT A WOMAN’S DEAD BODY IN A WATER-FILLED HOLE! Now the famous Limpopo presenter is behind bars after being accused of killing his wife a day after she dropped a domestic violence case against him. Livhuwani Madadzhe (38) was arrested after the body of his wife, Lindelani Nengovela (33), was found in a water-filled hole meant for a pit toilet in their yard at their home in Vhembe District, Limpopo, on Saturday, 28 January. According to police reports, the presenter appeared before the Thohoyandou Magistrates Court on charges of assault which were later withdrawn. Limpopo police believe the suspect has been abusing his wife. Brigadier Motlafela Mojapelo said the couple was reportedly in a toxic relationship in which the victim had opened a case of domestic violence against him and was arrested. He said the comedian was out on bail and was to appear again in court today. “The woman went to court on Friday, 27 January, and withdrew the case,” said Mojapelo. He said the suspect called the police on Saturday morning and said he couldn’t locate his wife but was surprised when he found her dead in their yard. Mojapelo said the police made an assessment at the scene and arrested the presenter. “This is another incident of gender-based violence and femicide perpetrated against a vulnerable member of society,” said Mojapelo. “The woman trusted that her husband would not physically torment her. “We urge community members with domestic problems to seek help and stop resorting to violence,” said Mojapelo. The suspect is expected to appear in the Thohoyandou Magistrates Court today. The comedian and presenter is a popular podcaster who makes funny videos on social media platforms. His supporters on social media have expressed anger against him and called for a harsher sentence Muriel said: “Women in Thohoyandou must protest at court today. “This murderous man can’t be allowed to get bail.” You must be SIGNED IN to comment! Lutendo Magoro said it’s time they take to the streets. “The wife was traumatised. It’s unfortunate that it she is now deceased. “Even if Jesus had come and told her that the comedian is not good for her, she wouldn’t have listened. It’s a tragedy,” she said. 