ZULU monarch Prime Minister
Prince Mangosuthu Buthelezi says the ongoing court cases disputing King
Misuzulu kaZwelithini are opening wounds of the death of king Zwelithini. He was speaking during King
Cetshwayo kaMpande’s memorial lecture, attended by King Misuzulu at the Umhlathuze
Sports Complex in Richards Bay, KZN, on Friday, 13 January. This as throne contender
Prince Simakade Zulu is bidding to dethrone King Misuzulu in the North Gauteng
High Court from 30 May to 2 June. Prince Simakade has also
asked the public to donate money for his legal fees as they had escalated to R2
million. Buthelezi said they had good
reason to rejoice over the king on the throne, but their happiness was not
complete because of the pain in the royal house. “Even now, there is a case in
court disputing the irrefutable fact of our king’s position - a wound opened
over the succession following the passing of king Zwelithini. We long to see
that wound fully healed, but we must remind ourselves this is common in the
history of our nation,” he said. Buthelezi added that their
founder, king Shaka Zulu, died in an act of fratricide while his brother,
prince Mhlangana, was killed to make way for king Dingane, with whom he had
colluded. “The Boers assisted Prince
Mpande to take his brother’s throne, and king Dingane too was killed in an act
of fratricide. Even King Cetshwayo’s enthronement involved the spilling of
blood in his family because of his conflict with prince Mbuyazi. Prince Mbuyazi,
his brothers and the king’s favourite wife, queen Nomantshali, died in that
conflict.”  King Cetshwayo’s memorial
lecture was the build-up of Isandlwana war commemoration, to be held at
Isandlwana Mountain in Nquthu next Saturday, 21 January. It was organised by the
King Cetshwayo District Municipality. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments! King Cetshwayo is praised as
the Zulu king who had strong Amabutho who defeated a well-armed British army on
22 January in 1879. Mayor Thami Ntuli said as
Amabutho protected their land to settlers at Isandlwana, as the Zulu people
should continue to do so from those who wanted to take it. King Misuzulu said with the
spirit of the Amabutho who fought for their land, they should also protect it. “Protecting our land, we
should let people know that we will defend our land, even our culture because
many things against us exist in this land. Many people found us in this land,
where we already had our rules. But now many things are against our cultures,”
he said. 