A PUPIL in grade 9 was allegedly chased out of school by the principal for wearing trousers. The 34-year-old father of the pupil at a high school in Taung, North West, believes his lesbian daughter was discriminated against because of her sexual orientation. “My daughter grew up wearing boys’ clothes, but the principal insists she must wear a skirt,” he said. He said he wanted the Department of Education to take steps against the principal. “He said he only welcomes female and male pupils at his school, not trash,” he alleged. Provincial education spokesman Elias Malindi said the pupil was never denied the right to attend school since last week. “On 12 January, the principal asked the pupil to call her mother because she was not wearing the uniform as expected in the all-girls school,” said Malindi. “The pupil said her mum was still working on getting the uniform.” Malindi said on 18 January, the principal asked her again. THE Palmridge Magistrates Court heard that murder accused Flavio Hlabangwane pursued his lover's friend to be in a romantic relationship with him. This was after he insulted the friend and accused her of trying to sabotage his relationship with his girlfriend, the court heard.  “The pupil came back with a community member who was disrespectful. The principal called the mother because there was disclosure about the child’s sexual orientation, which he deemed essential to prepare teachers and pupils.” He said the mother never came. “The lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer and intersex community is welcomed in all schools in the province.” However, the father said the school was lying as his daughter had proper uniform. “She was chased away because she refused to wear a skirt.” He further said he was the one who went to school with his daughter. “But the principal chased us away,” he said. You must be SIGNED IN to comment! The pupil has since been allowed back to school without being forced to wear a skirt. Taung LGBTQI community’s Tshepiso Polisane said they had policies in place that the department needed to recognise. “Let pupils wear what they are comfortable with and stop the homophobic attack,” said Polisane.