THE police have established a multi-disciplinary team to investigate murders committed at Fort Hare University. This was revealed by Police Minister Bheki Cele, who was speaking on Wednesday, 11 January, during his visit to Mboneni Vesele home in Qonce, Eastern Cape. Mboneni was killed over the weekend. Cele was accompanied by the deputy minister of state security Zizi Kodwa and national police commissioner, General Fannie Masemola. Mboneni was a close protector and driver of Fort Hare University vice-chancellor Professor Sakhela Buhlungu. He was killed outside Professor’s Dikeni residence on 6 January. Mboneni, who will be buried on Saturday, 14 January was killed shortly after the murder of the university’s fleet manager, Petrus Roets. Cele explained that the multi-disciplinary team will include detectives, forensic analysts, crime intelligence and members of organised crime and the Hawks. The team will report directly to the office of the national police commissioner.  He said: “We established this team to assure the management of Fort Hare University that police are intensifying their responses to the recent violent and fatal attacks that have taken place in and around the university. It’s quite clear that the local police are just not working fast enough in making arrests. This newly established team, through its work, must send a strong message to criminals that this government will not be threatened or shaken, and will certainly not back down or co-govern with criminals. As we start the academic year, we can’t afford to have anyone, be it a student, a lecturer and even a groundsman or cleaner of this institution feel uneasy about their safety. This is why the team must work closely with university staff and the intelligence community to crack the cases that will see the culprits go to jail. This, I am sure, will guarantee that this respected institution is not turned into a killing field.” You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Higher Education Minister Blade Nzimande also visited the university’s Dikeni campus accompanied by the Minister in the Presidency Mondli Gungubele to meet the vice- chancellor before they visited the bereaved Vesele family.