NGIZWE Mchunu is angry that his trial did not start in the Randburg Magistrates Court on Tuesday, 31 January. The former Ukhozi FM DJ said he was tired of coming to court only to be told that the case couldn’t continue. He said the reasons the state gave each time there was a postponement were always nonsensical. “I’m tired of being humiliated and disrespected like this. It makes me angry. It makes my people, the bhinca nation whom I’m the president of, very angry. South Africa as a whole is very angry that this case has been dragging on for so long,” he said. Ngizwe said he had planned an overseas trip to visit his son but could not go because he had to be in court. “My son needs me right now. I have to go and burn impepho for him. You people don’t have children overseas. My son speaks ‘motherf**ker’ language. You know nothing about. This case is affecting all of my plans,” he said. The case was adjourned because Prosecutor Yusuf Baba was ill. The witness was also absent from court. REGISTER TO COMMENT! “They accuse us of using too much muthi. That is very stupid. Which muthi do we use? They don’t have a case against me. That’s all,” he said. Ngizwe is accused of instigating the 2021 July unrest. He has pleaded not guilty to charges of incitement to commit public violence, failure of compliance with or in contravention of the regulation(s) in respect of the restriction on the movement of persons and convene a gathering. The DJ, who owns Ngizwe Online FM, told the court in his plea statement that he was not a violent person and did not incite anyone to commit violence. He admitted that he called a press briefing on 8 July 2021 but he said the reason for the briefing was to address the public about the Constitutional Court order that former president Jacob Zuma must go to jail for refusing to attend and testify at the Zondo Commission. Violent unrests broke out in KZN and Gauteng after the imprisonment of Zuma on 7 July. Ngizwe handed himself over to police after he was cited as one of the instigators of looting and violence. He is out on bail of R2 000. The matter was postponed to next week.