FORMER SABC
COO, Hlaudi Motsoeneng has lost his appeal bid to avoid paying R11.5 million
paid to him as success fee for MultiChoice deal. The Supreme
Court of Appeal (SCA) dismissed with costs his application on 19 January. The grounds
for the dismissal was that there was no reasonable prospect of success in an
appeal and there was no other compelling reason why an appeal should be heard. Motsoeneng
took the matter on appeal after he was not happy with the South Gauteng High
Court order declaring the decision of the then SABC board to pay him R11.5
million as unlawful and invalid. The Special
Investigating Unit (SIU) said in a statement on Wednesday, 25 January that the
order paves way for the crime-busting unit to recover the financial losses
suffered by the SABC, because of unlawful and invalid decisions. "The
SIU was, in terms of Proclamation R29 of 2017, directed by President Cyril
Ramaphosa to investigate allegations of corruption, maladministration,
malpractice and payments made by the SABC together with the conducts of its
employees, and recover financial losses suffered," the SIU said.  The
decision to pay Motsoeneng a success fee for clinching the controversial
MultiChoice deal was taken in August 2016. In February
2018, the SIU and the SABC jointly issued summons against him to recover the
millions. The court
in December 2021 reviewed and set aside the board’s decision because due
processes were not followed. It ordered
Motsoeneng to repay R11 508 549 12 within seven days of the order, with interest
at the rate of 15,5 percent per annum calculated from 13 September 2016 to date
of payment. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Should
Motsoeneng fail to pay within seven days, the high court ordered the SABC
Pension Fund to pay the amount to the SABC or all the pension proceeds where the
pension proceeds do not amount to R11,508,549.12. "In
line with SIU Act 74 of 1996, the SIU is authorised to institute civil
proceedings, and refer evidence pointing to criminal conduct to National
Prosecuting Authority (NPA) for prosecution," the unit said.