ANC secretary-general Fikile Mbalula has expressed satisfaction with the start of the second part of the party’s 55th National Elective Conference, which is currently underway. Members of the governing party are in a hybrid session across the different venues in the country, to continue with their national conference which was postponed last month after they failed to complete their business at the scheduled time frame. Briefing the media at a venue in Bloemfontein in the Free state, Mbalula said the conference is expected to run for two days uninterrupted. He said the start of the conference had some glitches, with the Western Cape struggling to connect, but all that was fixed. More than 3 000 delegates have logged in or checked in at venues across the country. ANC Free State Interim Provicial Committee, spokesman Oupa Kgophane told Daily Sun that the Province is working on bringing unity in the province. pic.twitter.com/omVYLhjBfm  He said the president of the ANC, President Cyril Ramaphosa, has given the delegates the political report and made the opening remarks. He said the former premier of Gauteng will also be giving a report on strategy and tactics. Mbalula said other reports on the table which will be discussed are the organisation’s renewal, financial, operational sustainability, peace and stability reports. Meanwhile, Ramaphosa has told the delegates that the second part of the 55th National Conference will be intensive. ANC Secretary-general Fikile Mbalula briefing the media about the second part of the Party's hybrid 55th elective conference currently underway at the Imvelo Safari Lodge in Bloemfontein, Free State.Video by Morapedi Mashashe pic.twitter.com/18lNpbsBVd  He said at the core of the tasks identified by the conference in December is the need to restore their relationship with the people of South Africa. “Our duty as the ANC is to mobilise our people and to serve them. The ANC conference needs to send a clear signal to voters that the ANC is taking all necessary steps to deal with challenges of unemployment, poverty and the rising cost of living, crime and instability, poor service delivery and load shedding,” he said. Ramaphosa said they have said that they needed to earn the position of leader of society through their work and by regaining the confidence and trust of the people. ANC Secretary-general Fikile Mbalula briefing the media about the second part of the Party's hybrid 55th elective conference currently underway at the Imvelo Safari Lodge in Bloemfontein, Free State.Video by Morapedi Mashashe. pic.twitter.com/Hy0FkXvrrU  “We have said that we need to acknowledge our weaknesses and work to correct them. We also need to demonstrate humility, honesty and integrity. “During the first part of the 55th National Conference, delegates demonstrated their unwavering commitment to renew and rebuild our organisation, our alliance and the broader democratic movement,” he said. The president said the decisions they will make today will have a far-reaching impact on the ANC and will determine whether their movement is able to overcome the many challenges that confront them.