DR Makgabo Manamela couldn’t “recall” most of the events that unfolded during the Life Esidimeni Marathon Project. Advocate Adila Hassim of Section27 representing affected families and Advocate Harry van Bergen, representing Life Esidimeni, constantly had to refer Manamela to documents to refresh her memory. On Monday, 30 January, the Life Esidimeni Inquiry resumed before the North Gauteng High Court in a virtual sitting. In her evidence, Manamela, who was the director of the Mental Health Directorate at the Gauteng Department of Health, said it was not her responsibility to issue Service Level Agreement (SLA) to NGOs, conduct audits and to prepare licenses but the District level. She said her role was to sign licenses. Manamela further said she had no reason to doubt information given to her by NGOs managers. Life Esidimeni mental health patients were transferred to NGOs when Gauteng Department of Health terminated its long-running contract ­– 144 patients died, many because of hunger, dehydration, and negligence. The Health Ombudsman report found that NGOs were ill-equipped and some unlicensed with patients who did not meet the criteria. The inquest has since been established to determine whether anyone should be held criminally liable for the deaths. Tshepong Centre, which is one of the NGOs that housed Life Esidimeni patients, previously testified that after receiving patients they spent four months without funding from the department. The centre said the staff failed to report for duty because they were not getting paid. Two SLA’s with different types of criteria were signed and a license. Advocate Hassim, during the cross-examination, asked Manamela whether she had asked for a copy of the SLA for Tshepong before signing the license. Manamela responded: “I don’t remember asking for it.” Manamela was speaking through an interpreter. Hassim said: “Do you realise that the consequences of the NGO not having SLA means that the NGO would not get funds from the dept? Manamela said: “Yes.” Hassim said: “As a result of this, there was high absenteeism from the staff because they were not paid.” You must be SIGNED IN to comment! Manamela said she couldn’t remember, but the centre did report that some employees were not coming to work during her visit. The court heard that 161 mental patients were transferred from Life Esidimeni to Tshepong on the same day. Manamela said it wasn’t out of the ordinary for patients to be transferred in high numbers depending on the circumstances. She insisted that there was a proper plan in place of moving patients, and she didn’t decide on the numbers of patients to be transported to a particular institution. “In government, we don’t work as individuals. We work as a team,” said Manamela.