MOJA Love has responded after the uproar caused by the episode of the reality show, Isencane Lengane, this past weekend. This comes after a Gender-Based Violence (GBV) incident that took place during the filming of the show. On this third episode of Isencane Lengane, Siyacela Dlamuka was even bragging about beating his wife, Thando Msomi, and reiterated that he would do it again because she belongs to him. The two started arguing after Thando received a call from her friend. Siyacela got angry and said he doesn’t want Thando to befriend anyone outside his family. In one of the scenes, Siyacela was seen breaking Thando’s phone and told her to leave if she wanted to. ALSO READ : Love wins for Nonku Williams! Thando revealed that this wasn’t the first time that Siyacela had laid his hands on her. She explained that she once made her bend over so that he could beat her with a belt. She further said that Siyacela beat her up even when she had their baby with her. This angered Mzansi, with many calling for the show to be cancelled. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Moja Love has finally responded following all the anger directed towards the channel. Head of channel at Moja Love, Bokani Moyo, emphasised that the channel takes violence of any sort very seriously and does not condone it in any way. “Moja Love prides itself on producing content that reflects the reality in our society, including social ills, and as such could not sweep the GBV incident between Thando and Siyacela under the carpet,” said Moyo. “In a country burdened by GBV and femicide, Moja Love has the responsibility to reflect and show the extent of this pandemic.” Moyo further explained that Moja Love intervened as the incident was happening. She pointed out that the Moja Love crew arrived during the altercation between Siyacela and Thando and police were called in. “Thando was given an option to open a case against Siyacela, but she chose not to exercise that option. Instead, the channel moved Thando to a different location from Siyacela,” said Moyo. She also said counselling was offered to Thando immediately to deal with the trauma and the channel is monitoring her progress. “It was important to air this episode of Isencane Lengane as it is our social responsibility to educate our audiences and mirror what’s happening in our communities. “Cancelling the show is not the solution, but let’s rather open a platform to discuss issues that are eating away the moral fibre of our society,” she concluded. A post shared by Moja Love TV (@mojalovetv) 