TS GALAXY coach Sead Ramovic has hit back at eccentric Chippa United mentor, Morgan Mammila, for his criticism of European coaches in the PSL with Uefa Pro Licences, a qualification that the German possesses. In the aftermath of his side’s DStv Premiership 2-1 loss to Mamelodi Sundowns last week, Mamilla hit out at PSL coaches with Uefa Pro Licenses, saying his record is way better than theirs. “There are guys with Pro (licences) who have been here for how many months now. Go and check their wins. They are not even close to me,” Mammila told reporters. “Go and check. All Pro licence guys are behind me. So, be honest to yourself, not to me. The stats don’t lie. Is there any Pro licence coach from number one to number nine? I don’t think there is any. Go and check.” Ramovic, it appears, didn’t appreciate Mamilla’s sentiments and he duly hit back at the Chilli Boys mentor after his side’s dull goalless draw league against Swallows FC at Dobsonville Stadium on Sunday. “I read some of the comments about other coaches (Mammila) complaining about Pro License and we have to understand, I’m proud that I have this kind of education. This means that I fought to increase my chances of succeeding as a coach, it doesn’t mean that I’m better than other coaches, but I tried to educate myself and improve,” said Ramovic. “If someone thinks that because I have the Uefa Pro licence I should win the league, then they don’t know anything. In Europe, you can’t be a coach if you don’t have this licence, so does that mean all the coaches must win the league? “We have to know what we are talking about. I can only say to those that don’t have this qualification that it’s a beautiful thing. You learn a lot.” Ramovic, who was not in the best of moods having witnessed his side struggle to break down 10 men Swallows side, also hit out at his compatriot Ernst Middendorp, calling him “disrespectful”. “Their coach (Middendorp) tried to complain all the time and even swore at me. I had to tell him that ‘you should be ashamed of your behaviour’,” Ramovic added. “I was in the game as a player as well. I always wanted to win because it was my bread and butter, but I always had respect. “We are all human beings. You don’t have to swear at my whole bench. I don’t even want to repeat the words that he used.” Galaxy will next be in action when they travel to the Cape Town Stadium for a clash against Cape Town City on Friday (7.30pm).