FORMER ANC secretary general Ace Magashule may have some secrets about the current secretary general, Fikile Mbalula. Speaking ahead of his appearance in the Bloemfontein High Court on Friday, 20 January, Magashule said the two had a phone call some time back to speak about their sour relationship. And, he recorded it for future reference. “I recorded him so that when you jump in the media, you are able to hear people who pretend and are not actually what they are saying,” said Magashule. Without going into detail, he said Mbalula was “a boy” he nurtured in politics. Magashule did not mince his words when he spoke about the status of his party under the leadership of President Cyril Ramaphosa. “That movement was finished long ago. In that movement you don’t see the leadership of the ANC among the people. You still see me there. I’m on the ground and working because I am a community leader; an all-rounder. I’m not a positional leader,” he said.  He was in court for his multimillion rand case, emanating from a tender awarded by the Free State Department of Human Settlement to the Blackhead Consulting joint venture to audit, assess and remove asbestos from homes in the province. Together with his co-accused Blackhead owner Edwin Sodi, Thabane Zulu, Nthimotse Mokhesi, Mahlomola Matlakala, Sello Radebe, Abel Kgotso Manyeki, Sarah Mlamleli, Nozipho Molikoe, Albertus Venter, Moroadi Cholota, Margaret-Ann Diedericks as well as companies 602 Consulting Solutions, Mastertrade 232 and Ori Group, they are facing charges of fraud, corruption, money laundering and contravention of the public finance management act. The court heard that Cholota, Magashule’s former personal assistant, was willing to attend trial. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  Lawyers representing Magashule, Sodi, Blackhead and Zulu informed the court that they were still awaiting the outcome of the petition to the Supreme Court of Appeal. They are challenging the decision of the Bloemfontein High Court to dismiss their legal challenge to the validity of the prosecution against them. The case was postponed to 5 May.