TSWELOPELE Funeral Parlour’s driver Albert Mnisi (54) was gunned down and his assistant is fighting for his life in hospital after being shot at by a gang of tsotsis. Mnisi was robbed and shot at alongside his assistant by a heavily armed group as they approached a stop at Alexandria Trust in Marite near Bushbuckridge, Mpumalanga on Tuesday, 10 January at around 6pm. Saddened Tswelopele Funeral Parlour senior manager Clara Letswalo said: “We’re deeply hurt and disturbed after receiving the bad news that our loyal colleague ubaba Mnisi was shot dead. His assistant was severely injured as well in an attack by criminals as they approached a stop in Marite. The gang demanded money as they fired shots at them. He was shot in the upper and lower body and his colleague was severely wounded. The entire staff at our branch is currently receiving counselling.” Tswelopele’s Johanne Strydom described Mnisi’s death as a great loss. “He was a very good man. Always smiling and happy. We worked as a family together. But we have been robbed of the precious asset now. Police must bring the perpetrators to book,” said Strydom.  Mnisi’s brother Mandla Mnisi (52) said: “It’s difficult to accept his untimely death. He’s a caring and loving father for his two kids. He was part of the mourners at our aunt’s funeral on Sunday. “But he was killed by mere criminals in the street. We are praying to God to help police find his killers as they did for our murdered son-in-law, traffic cop Thabo Mashego, who was killed during a hijacking in Saselani Village outside Dwarsloop near Bushbuckridge in July. Our brother’s funeral will be held in Xanthia on Sunday at 6am.” Colonel Donald Mdhluli confirmed that police are investigating a case of murder following the fatal shooting of a man in Marite outside Hazyview on Tuesday evening, 10 January around 6pm. “Police were notified about a shooting incident at Alexandria Trust in Marite and upon arrival they found a man with multiple gunshot wounds. “Medical personnel were also summoned to the scene and on their arrival, they unfortunately certified him dead.” He said a murder case was opened. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  “Police are currently investigating this incident but no one has been arrested as yet. Police also found some cartridges at the scene,” he said. Mpumalanga police commissioner Lieutenant-General Semakaleng Manamela has strongly condemned the fatal shooting of the man while assuring the public that police will use all available resources to ensure that perpetrators are swiftly brought to book. Anyone with information that may assist in the investigations with a hope to arrest the perpetrators is urged to alert the police by calling CrimeStop on 08600 10111 or by sending information via the MySAPS app and all received information will be treated as confidential and callers may opt to remain anonymous.