THE NYATSI claimed she killed her cop lover in self-defence, but the family are not so sure. They claim she stabbed him, fetched his service pistol, then shot him in the head while he lay on the floor bleeding. “WHY DIDN’T SHE GO OUT TO SEEK HELP IF IT WAS SELF-DEFENCE?” SAID THE COP’S SISTER. Kgopotso Ntsana’s family from Buhle Park in Germiston, Ekurhuleni, is worried that the 34-year-old cop might not get justice. They suspect that 22-year-old Bongiwe Magwaza may not get prosecuted as she was arrested after the murder on 2 December, but she was released on R1 000 bail last Friday, 30 December. The case will be back in court on 24 February. The family believe she was hired to kill the Elsburg police officer.  In the suitcase she packed to flee, they allegedly found muthi, a car accident sketch removed from a docket he was investigating, and car keys. The family was joined by the ANC Woman’s League as they protested outside the Germiston Magistrates Court. “The nyatsi is out on bail after pleading self-defence but we don’t believe that,” said Kgopotso’s older sister Lesego Ntsana (37). “We suspect this girl planned it all. “She stabbed my brother and went to his safe, took out his gun and shot him in the head while lying on the floor bleeding.” “She changed her bloody clothes and then went out on a drinking spree in Germiston. “Why didn’t she go out to seek help if it was self-defence?”  Lesego said they were dismayed when her defence claimed it was gender-based violence (GBV). “All victims of GBV must be treated the same. “Why is this woman’s rights elevated more than the victim she killed?” said Kgopotso’s gogo Annah Moremi-Mampuru. “My brother is a victim of GBV too. We are saddened by our justice system,” said Lesego. His fiance Koketso Moremi said Kgopotso was not a violent person and has been with her for more than a year. “He has never laid his hand on me. He avoided such situations and preferred to walk away,” said Koketso. But his sister suspects the two-months relationship was a setup. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “We suspect the girl was sent to fulfil a task that will help destroy a docket we suspect my brother was investigating.” She said her brother who was staying at an apartment in Windmill Park Estate had some documents. “After killing my brother, the woman packed her suitcase. It looks like she was ready to flee, but we don’t know what disturbed her,” she said. “Instead she went out to drink leaving my brother’s body without even informing the police.” Lieutenant-Colonel Mavela Masondo confirmed the woman was arrested for murder and she’s out on bail.