 “There is nothing to celebrate” This were the sentiments shared by residents and street vendors living in around the Dr Petrus Molemela Stadium in Rocklands, Mangaung in Free State. The stadium will be used by the African National Congress (ANC) as they celebrate their 111th anniversary on Sunday (8 January). What is expected to be the biggest celebration, the residents living around are not so excited about it. Speaking to Daily Sun, Gogo, Grace Bojabotshele (70) said he won’t be attending the celebration because she doesn’t see anything to celebrate. She said they have so many problems in the area, which the government has failed to attend. Moleseng Motete (65) said she is not happy with how she was treated by the ANC officials who chased her off from where she was planning to sell food to the people who will be attending ANC 111th birthday. Video by Morapedi Mashashe.#ANC #ANC111 pic.twitter.com/jxpHFHJ6hZ  “Just yesterday, I went to the SASSA offices because the disability grant for my grandson was not paid. I had to wait the whole day without getting any help, this are just one of many problems that I have to deal with because out government doesn’t care,” she said. She said instead of attending the party she needs think of ways she can make money to take care of her family. “I don’t have time to be there being burnt by the sun knowing very well that the ANC does not care about us,” she said.  Another resident Thabiso Rantswi, said he will attend the event because he wants to hear, what the party’s President Cyril Ramaphosa is going to say. “I’m not going there to celebrate but as a concerned citizen I want to hear what promises they are going to make. I hope for their sake they fulfill them because this Party has just a year to win our trust back,” he said. Gogo Grace Bojabotshele (70) from Rocklands in Mangaung, Free State, says she needs The ANC to start working for people. Video by Morapedi Mashashe.#ANC #ANC111 pic.twitter.com/GrgRqiULjg  A vendor who travelled from Johannesburg in Gauteng Moleseng Motete (65) said she has received the worst treatment from the party officials. She said she travelled all the way from Gauteng hoping to make money by selling food, but instead she was harassed by officials who told them they are not allowed to sell food there. “We came here to make a living, but this party led selfish people would rather see us suffer than assist us.” You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  “When they want our votes, they wake us very early in the morning with their small groceries but now they are the same people who are taking food from our mouths,” she said. Motete said a good Samaritan opened their yard so they can sell their food. “I’m now hoping to make enough so that I can go back to Gauteng,” she said. 