THE first day of the 2023 academic year was chaotic in some parts of Mzansi on Wednesday, 11 January. Parents said they had been getting empty promises from the department. “We were once told there was a budget for the school, where is it now?” said Dominique Magalhaes. Parents said the school has cracks and one block had been cordoned off as it was not stable.  The school was opened in 1937. Gogo Connie Miller (71) said she also schooled there until grade 10 (then form 3) and appealed to the department to build them a new school. Gauteng education officials arrived at the school to calm the situation and said they would sit down to decide the best way forward. The parents complained that their kids had not been allocated classes while some had not received space. Others were worried that they might not get space due to late applications. Kedibone Hlongwa, the parent of a grade R pupil, said: “This thing of uniform being sold only at school is a problem because I ordered a uniform yesterday and haven’t received it yet. I keep being told to come back later. READ | WATCH: Motshekga - Special funding to tackle overcrowding “I have another child who was attending school in a different province and I’m still in the registration process. I’ve submitted the forms but have not received a response yet.” School principal Tsakane Chidi said: “I will not touch on the uniform part because it is an internal arrangement. “We told all parents to place orders in November. You can’t order uniform today and expect it to be delivered on the same day. “We had a technical glitch where our school does not reflect on the system because we have reached our capacity. There is a certain number of intake for all grades and once we reach that number, the school’s name will be removed from the system,” said Chidi. Chidi said they liaised with the department to give parents options to apply to other available schools. Parents were panicking as some pupils were not yet placed, while teachers were frustrated as some parents were only following up on their kids’ applications now. According to a concerned teacher at Halfway Primary School, parents didn’t take their children’s education seriously. “Parents can be ignorant sometimes and they are made aware when applications are open,” she said. Parent Lindile Maseku said she applied on time and was informed that she was on the waiting list. “I did not receive communication hence I’m here today,” she said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments They closed the school and prevented pupils and teachers from going inside. They said there would be no learning until all the issues in the school were addressed. Block U community leader Lebogang Moumakwe said classes were not in good condition and the problem has been there for three years. On Wednesday, Basic Education Minister Angie Motshekga told the media the department’s been working hard to deal with issues of overcrowding and placement of pupils.