OPPOSITION parties have been hinting that they are planning to act against the ANC following the announcement by the National Energy Regulator of South Africa (Nersa) to hike electricity tariffs by more than 18% and 12% in the next two fiscal years, respectively.The DA has announced that it is organising a protest to the party’s headquarters at Luthuli House in Joburg on 25 January against the ANC-engineered electricity crisis.In a statement released on Saturday, 14 January, the party said its protest would target Luthuli House because it was the scene of a crime the ANC continued to perpetrate against people through permanent stage 6 load shedding and the 18,65% increase.Meanwhile, Eskom CFO Calib Cassim explained that revenue determination for the fiscal years 2023/24 and 2024/25 would “positively contribute from a financial and sustainability point of view … and allow a further migration towards a price level that reflects the efficient cost of producing electricity”. This after the hike left already struggling South Africans shocked on Thursday, 12 January.“It is at Luthuli House where, over the past three decades, decisions were made to ‘deploy’ the corrupt and incompetent cadres who plundered and destroyed Eskom. It is at Luthuli House that corrupt tenders were handed out, including for the ill-fated construction of the Medupi and Kusile power stations that have cost our country so dearly,” read the statement.The party said through its corrupt system of cadre deployment, the ANC centralised all power in Luthuli House.“That is why the DA is taking our fight against load shedding directly to the source of this crisis: the ANC. There is only one organisation that is responsible for the misery and hardship that the electricity crisis is causing. It is the ANC, and it is time to hold this criminal organisation accountable.”The DA further urged all South Africans to join in its stand against decades of abuse at the hands of the ANC. You should be SIGNED IN to read comments! “South Africa needs to show the ANC, in no uncertain terms, that we are united against its uncaring and unfair treatment of households and businesses, and that we will not accept it any longer. We do not accept that while the ANC is subjecting ordinary South Africans to 11 hours of loadshedding per day, the residences of the president, his cabinet ministers and deputies get no load shedding. The very people who have broken Eskom are exempting themselves from the effects of their own failure. Therefore, they have no sense of urgency to fix their own mess.”It further said it did not accept that while the ANC was forcing people to pay 33% price hikes, the president, his ministers, and deputies did not have to pay for electricity.“We are tired of a president who makes empty promises, and then shirks responsibility and plays the victim.”