THE South African Communist Party (SACP) in the Thabo Mofutsanyana region has called on the National Treasury to bailout Maluti-a-Phofung Municipality. The cash-strapped municipality owes Eskom R7 billion. Regional deputy secretary Peter Khumalo said they want treasury to assist the municipality in rebuilding the electricity infrastructure and not to surrender power to Eskom. “We don’t support the proposed agreement between Eskom and municipality that Eskom will refurbish electricity infrastructure and collect revenue on behalf of the municipality,” said Khumalo. “All the people who participated in the corrupt activities that led to the debt must be arrested and their property be attached. He said Eskom folded its arms when former administration weren’t paying them. “We also call on the office of the deputy president to intervene,” said Khumalo. The area was without power for six days in November after the main substation had a power failure. More than 50 000 households were without power from 22 December to 3 January following damage at the Witsieshoek substation near the University of the Free State. The chairman for Business Community and Development Association, Nelson Moekwa, told Daily Sun 23 factories left the area due to uncontrollable power outages which crippled their business. “About 20 000 people lost their jobs. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  “We have been told that the big name shops are threatening to leave the malls. “The provincial government made empty promises. The provincial government made empty promises. I think the bailout will be the only solution that will help,” he said. The municipality has experienced vandalism and cable theft which cost millions to replace. Mayor Gilbert Mokotso said the municipality lost up to R150 million as a result of residents who are not buying electricity and breaching meter boxes. Tshepiso Ramakarane, new HoD for provincial department of Cogta, said the long-overdue finalisation of Eskom and Maluti-a- Phofung Municipality’s arrangement will take place on Wednesday, 1 February.