THE struggling Tintswalo Hospital in Acornhoek near Bushbuckridge, Mpumalanga, scooped top awards, including trophies and certificates, during the MEC’s Excellence Awards 2022 held in Mbombela on Friday, 23 December. Handing over the awards, Mpumalanga Health MEC Sasekani Manzini said: “These are the highest awards in the department. They are aimed at giving recognition to individuals, teams and institutions to ensure good service delivery to the community. “Tintswalo Hospital is recognised in four categories. It has obtained position one in financial management. It is also the best hospital in terms of revenue collection, and the most efficient hospital that’s able to produce good results with limited resources. It is also the best health establishment when it comes to patients’ care.” Receiving the awards, Tintswalo Hospital CEO Merriam Moyimane said: “On behalf of the hospital management and staff members, we are so grateful, excited and motivated after receiving these prestigious awards from the MEC’s Excellence Awards 2022. For the first time, this hospital has received a big recognition from our top management. “Our hospital has been found to be the most efficient institution that is able to produce good results with limited resources. We want the community of Bushbuckridge, especially Acornhoek, to know that there is some good work that we are doing as a hospital. “We are celebrating and want everybody to know that despite the old infrastructure, administratively there’s good work being done. We want to appreciate our managers, especially the finance managers led by Wicks Khoza who is knowledgeable and skilled in terms of financial management. They are able to provide advice and guidance to all of us so that we are always compliant with financial management policies. “Khoza has been with us since 2010 so through him and his section, other hospitals are able to come and benchmark from us in terms of how we are able to manage our finances. “The hospital has received clean audits all these years and these awards have motivated us to do better. They have also lifted the staff’s morale.” Moyimane also thanked patients who give feedback in terms of the services they get from the hospital. “Without their feedback, we would not be able to know our challenges and work on them so that they can get quality services,” she added.