THE odds might be against Marumo Gallants at the moment, but their coach Dan “Dance” Malesela is confident of dancing his way out of the relegation zone. Gallants are languishing at the bottom of the DStv Premiership with 15 points from 18 games. They are two points adrift of Stellenbosch and Swallows, who are 15th and 14th, respectively, and four behind their next opponents Golden Arrows in the 13th place. Gallants travel to Durban’s Princess Magogo Stadium on Wednesday evening (7.30pm) to face Golden Arrows. And with the pressure that comes thick and fast in the second round schedule, which will see them competing in three competitions – the league, Nedbank Cup and continental competition, the Caf Confederation Cup – it will really be challenging for them to juggle the three and get out of danger zone. But Malesela, who helped the same outfit move from a similar position to finish 10th last term, said that he is not thinking about relegation. “I cannot associate myself with relegation and I will never,” said Malesela. “We will get out of this (relegation zone).”Heading into tonight’s clash, Malesela is confident of getting all three points after getting a huge boost of three players returning from injuries.He stated: “It has not been easy for us, but we got a bit of a relief with players coming back (from injuries), particularly at the back. (Mpho) Mvelase, (Ayanda) Nkili, and (Ismail) Toure are all back to boost our defence. We have been conceding, but we are looking at improving that. I managed to watch Arrows. They can be quite a difficult opponent, but I know that we will win.”If things go according to Malesela’s prediction and Gallants get three points, they will move to 14th place, and Stellenbosch FC will drop to the foot of the table.Gallants have been playing good football without getting results this season. Malesela is optimistic that their style of play will finally pay off.“We need to continue playing structured football with one purpose, which is to win games.“We can’t change to a certain winning style at this stage. We just need to complement our football with good results,” added Malesela.