SHEBA was shot by her owner. This was revealed by the Gauteng Department of Agriculture, Rural Development and Environment spokeswoman Nozipho Hlabangana. She said the owner, Rassie Erasmus, put it down after it was reported to have killed a domestic animal on Arboretum Farm in Walkers Fruit Farms in the early hours of Wednesday morning, 18 January. Hlabangana said the area where the tiger was shot had six dwellings for farm workers, so the tiger was a threat to human life. She said the intention was to try and dart the animal safely and take it to the approved zoo in Meyerton. She further said that killing it was the last option. The tiger escaped from its cage on Friday, 13 January.   It’s alleged that Sheba was pregnant and was trying to find a place where she could give birth. She attacked a man and killed several dogs and sheep without eating them on 14 January. Today, 19 January, Community Policing Forum leader Gresham Mandy shared images and a video footage of Sheba before and after she was put down. Mandy said Sheba was shot in the early hours of Wednesday morning, after she attacked and killed a domestic animal on a farm. He said after the attack, Sheba moved to a densely populated area on the farm, making it difficult for her to be captured. Mandy said this left the owner and the search team with a very difficult decision to make as the lives of more people and animals were at risk. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  He said although one doesn’t need a permit to have wild animals, people should not keep big cats or any dangerous animals in residential areas. According to Mandy, the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (SPCA) and the police were not present when Sheba was killed. He said they were alerted after she had been killed. Gauteng police spokeswoman Colonel Dimakatso Sello said cops didn’t shoot the tiger or give any permission for it to be put down. . Midvaal Mayor Peter Teixeira praised the task team which consisted of the SPCA, SAPS, CPF and other role-players who worked around the clock trying to capture the tiger and keep residents safe. Teixeira said the municipality is in the process of strengthening its by-laws to regulate the process of keeping wild animals to ensure that such incidents never happen again.