Joburg Mayor, Mpho Phalatse will face yet another motion of no confidence on Thursday, 26 January. This is her third motion since she took office in November 2021. Minority parties, including the Patriotic Alliance and ActionSA, have filed three motions of no confidence which will be tabled in council depending on whether the programming committee approves. Last year, Phalatse, who is a DA member, was ousted through an ANC-sponsored motion but was saved by the South Gauteng High Court after it ruled that her removal was unlawful. Her spokesman, Mabine Seabi said the motive for the latest move was political and had nothing to do with service delivery. "This is an attempt to get their hands on the city's coffers. We are heading to elections next and a lot of political parties are without the necessary funds to campaign. It has nothing to do with service delivery which the multi-party government has been pushing ahead with," he said.  Seabi said the opposition parties have to do everything to collapse the city, including blocking the R2 billion loan to the city. He said Phalatse would focus on delivery which residents deserve. He said the DA-led multi-party government has in turn tabled its own motion of no confidence against the Speaker of Council. He said she did not understand the rules and has to go. "We will make sure that we support that motion against the speaker and elect a Speaker who understands the role of Council," he said. The Patriotic Alliance's deputy president, Kenny Kunene, accused the DA of governing in silos, and not consulting coalition partners on certain decisions. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  He said that should Phalatse be ousted, the party would support an ANC candidate for the mayoral position. "We are not garden boys of the DA, and DA is not our 'baas'. That time is over, in case they are not aware," Kunene said. However, ActionSA national chairperson, Michael Beaumont said on Wednesday that the PA accepted a deal that would have restored the Johannesburg coalition, keeping the ANC out of Johannesburg and most likely, the EFF out in Ekurhuleni. The deal would see ActionSA sacrifice two positions on the mayoral committee to accommodate the PA.