PAKISTANI and Chinese shopkeepers in Kestell started the year with tears and blood. On Sunday, 1 January, an ANC councillor in the Free State town was charged with malicious damage to property, common assault and robbery after he allegedly visited four shops owned by foreigners with his secretary to demand “tax”. The councillor visited a shop owned by Razu Nazim Uddin (55) and allegedly demanded R5 000. Uddin told Daily Sun that when he refused to pay, things got physical before he ran to the cop shop for help. ALSO READ:Taxi drivers moer us for nothing “The councillor said he’s in charge of Kestell so I must pay tax to him. “I have been in Kestell for 25 years and have never paid tax to any individual. We argued until he beat me and his secretary joined. I ran to the police and he followed me and threw a chair at me in front of the cops. “I was bleeding in the charge office. He took my cellphone and all the money I had for that day,” he said. Uddin was admitted to Elizabeth Ross Hospital in QwaQwa due to his injuries. A foreign shopkeeper, who asked not to be named, said it was not the first time the councillor had demanded money. “Whenever he wants money, he comes to us. He says if we want to do business in Kestell, we must pay tax to him. He normally demands no less than R2 000,” he said. The Kestell Business Community organisation condemned attacks on shop owners. Chairman Azim Hossain said the councillor was abusing his power. The suspect is a councillor with the Maluti-a-Phofung Municipality. Chief whip Mandlenkosi Dlamini said: “I have received a report that the councillor went to business owners to inquire about who took money from them using his name, but a full investigation will unfold.” You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Warrant Officer Mmako Mophiring said two suspects, aged 39 and 46, were arrested and will appear in the Kestell Magistrates Court on Tuesday, 3 January on charges of assault with intent to cause grievous bodily harm and malicious damage to property.