ANC Deputy President David Mabuza has not resigned, as widely reported. This was revealed by ANC secretary-general Fikile Mbalula at the party’s lekgotla gathering outside Joburg on Sunday, 29 January. This comes after media reports that Mabuza has resigned to make way for newly elected ANC deputy president, Paul Mashatile, to take over the reigns. Speaking to journalists on the sidelines of the ANC national executive committee meetings, Mbalula described Mabuza as a member who has served the party loyally. ALSO READ: Accounting risk pays off for Elethu, Mbuso Mbalula was answering questions on the speculations that Mabuza has asked to be relieved from the party after he failed to prevail at the party’s national conference last month. “He (Mabuza) is not the kind of a person who competes for positions on the party. He is well organised,” said Mbalula. This comes amid calls and inaction as Ramaphosa is leading the party leadership lekgotla, where telling decisions are to be made. Ramaphosa, in his address to the party lekgotla to get the ball rolling, said the party would have to roll up it’s sleeves. The president urged the newly elected national executive committee members to thrash out ways to come out with solutions for the electricity load shedding “We need to explain that, in addition to the historical reasons for load shedding, another factor contributing to the current levels of load shedding and Eskom’s effort to correct the mistakes of the past. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “Eskom has intensified its maintenance programme to reduce unplanned breakdowns and extend the life of power plants,” said Ramaphosa. The president also used the platform to launch the ANC campaign for 2024, which he said the party should focus on from now on. “It’s up to us to ensure we put forward competent and appropriately qualified comrades, with appropriate qualifications and competencies, to become our public representatives. We must also ensure that competent and qualified individuals take up crucial positions in municipalities,” said Ramaphosa in his address