COPS in Cape Town have opened a triple murder docket after yet another shooting in Gugulethu on Sunday, 22 January. Three people were shot and killed inside their vehicle in NY6 near the mall at around 6pm. A witness who spoke to SunTeam said she was passing by in a taxi when she heard gunshots. She said when the taxi moved closer, she saw gunmen pumping shots at people inside a blue Hyundai vehicle. “The other one was shot outside the car as he was trying to flee but two were shot inside. The taxi then left the scene, but I could tell that the people were dead. I think the shooters fired over 20 shots during the shooting. It was intense,” said the witness. ALSO READ:Cops save burnt 'KILLER' from angry mob Police spokeswoman Brigadier Novela Potelwa said cops have opened a triple murder docket for investigation after three men between the ages of 28 and 30 were shot and killed in Gugulethu. “Reports from the scene indicate the vehicle in which the deceased persons were travelling in had just entered NY6 at approximately 5.50pm when it came under fire from unknown gunmen who later fled in another vehicle. Numerous shots were fired at the vehicle wounding all occupants. Two of the victims died on the scene while a third one died later in hospital after sustaining serious gunshot wounds from the shooting incident. The motive for the shooting is yet to be determined with provincial detectives pursuing several leads as part of their investigation,” said Potelwa. She urged anyone with information on the shooting incident to contact the police on 08600 10111 or via the MySAPSApp. “Information received will be handled with utmost confidentiality,” said Potelwa. Residents were in shock as they experienced another mass shooting on 14 January in NY111 just next to a house that was hosting an umgidi. Police spokesman Lieutenant-Colonel Andre Traut confirmed the incident. He said cops responded to the scene at 10.50pm after reports of a shooting in the area. Traut said three men aged 38, 40 and another of unknown age were shot and killed. The fourth victim was fighting for his life in hospital. You must be SIGNED IN to comment!