FLAVIO Hlabangwane has shared how he killed his cousin and lover after pleading guilty to murder. In his statement before the Palmridge Magistrates Court, Flavio (28) said his actions were “deliberate and unlawful”. Tshepang Pitse (23) was found with her dismembered body parts inside Flavio’s fridge in Protea Glen, Soweto. Flavio told the court that he couldn’t remember the exact date when the murder happened. He said it happened between 6 and 13 November 2021. He alleged that the fight ensued when Tshepang confronted him about using her bank card without informing her first. He said: “I took the deceased’s bank card and went to buy food as I would sometimes.” SELF-CONFESSED murderer Flavio Hlabangwane allegedly abused her cousin, who was also her lover, before her dismembered body parts were found inside his fridge, the Palm Ridge Magistrates Court heard. On Tuesday, 24 January, the court heard horrific tales of how Tshepang Pitse (23) was constantly beaten up by Flavio.  Flavio said during the argument, he pushed Tshepang and she hit the back of her head on the stove before falling. “When she stood up, I noticed that she was bleeding. She advanced towards me but I managed to grab a knife and stabbed her in the neck. She died in seconds. “My first thought was to try and hide her body. I then dragged her lifeless body to the shower and started to clean up the blood,” said Flavio. He said his intention was to conceal what had happened. “After cleaning, I left the house and drove around because I did not know how I was going to dispose the body. I went to a certain person to buy drugs and then went back home. “When I got home, I went to the shower where I had left the deceased’s body. I tried to drag her body and put it in the boot of my car, but I was unable to do so. It occurred to me that I would have to dismember her body in order to be able to carry it to my car and dispose it.” Flavio said he used a butcher knife to cut her legs and arms. “After dismembering her body, I took both the arms and legs and put them in black plastic bags. I put them in the freezer in the house. “I took the head of the deceased, together with the torso, and put them in the bag and went to bury them.” He told the court that he buried the head in the open field in Randfontein and the torso in Klipriver. He said he took Tshepang’s clothes and the clothes he was wearing that day and burned them. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “I had intended to get rid of the arms and legs I had put in the freezer at different times as I did not want to call attention to myself,” he said. Flavio said even though he had taken drugs on that night, he admitted that his actions were wrong. The state, however, did not agree with his plea and called for Flavio to stand trial for a more serious charge of premeditated murder, stating that there is evidence of violence prior to the murder. Meanwhile, Tshepang’s friend has testified that the deceased sent voicevotes crying because of the abuse she suffered in the hands of Flavio. The trial is expected to resume on Thursday, 26 January.