THE slain ANC councillor of Ward 12 in Mkhondo, Sbonelo Ntshangase, saw his death coming two months ago. The 36-year-old recorded a live Facebook video in November after the brutal killing of ANC chairman Muzi Manyathi. The 41-year-old was gunned down by an unknown man at a petrol station in Mkhondo, Mpumalanga. A few hours after Manyathi was killed, Ntshangase, who is known as Smiley in his community, went to vent on social media about Manyathi’s shooting. He also said that should anything bad happen to him, his fellow comrades, family and the whole community should know that he was killed by former Mkhondo municipality mayor, Vusi Motha, and current mayor Mthokozisi Simelane. “Comrades we are in a crisis. We are dealing with a criminal known as Sgemegeme, Vusi Motha. He is killing us because we confronted him and told him that he is not helping the community of Mkhondo in any way.  “We are going to die and leave our young kids behind. We all know that in the last five years, he was abusing us while he was mayor. The current mayor Mthokozisi Simelane is also working with Sgemegeme to kill us because we are telling the truth,” he said. Ntshangase claimed that Motha made his life a living hell. He accused Motha of hiring hitmen to finish him off. Ntshangase claimed that there was a hit list and his name was also there. “I am on a hit list. If I die tomorrow, know that I was killed by Motha. He is paying hitmen to kill us. Even if you kill us, know that your day will come. We are tired of you,” he said Ntshangase, Sizwe Mbingo and Sandile Khumalo were gunned down last Friday, 13 January, at Longhomes township. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  Police report that three unknown men entered a certain yard in Longhomes and fired several shots, fatally shooting all the three men. Three people have been arrested and charged with murder. Motha and Wellington Sangweni are also facing charges of fraud, possession of unlicensed firearm and ammunition, contravention of the Firearms Control Act and the contravention of the Private Security Industry Regulations Act. A 48-year-old man is expected to appear in the Mkhondo Magistrates Court today for the same murder. Mpumalanga police boss Lieutenant-General Semakaleng Manamela said police will link the three suspects to the case and more arrests are imminent.