SEEING many kids getting rejected by schools as they don’t have any South African documentation worried this family. So they decided to help the kids get an education and have since turned their little lessons into a proper schooling environment. So, Letwin Manyoka (42) and her mother, Violet Manyoka (62), started their foundation phase school called Four Seasons, where they teach kids from grade R to 3. each day of the week. But the school could be short-lived as the Gauteng Department of Education is worried about their proceedings. Despite this, kids from Winterveld in Tshwane wake up each weekday and dress up in their grey and white uniform to get taught the Zimbabwean syllabus.  Letwin said the school opened in 2019. “My mother was a teacher in Zimbabwe and she came to South Africa in 2018. and she started helping some kids with their homework. “She saw a gap that some Zimbabwean kids cannot get into the South African public schools because they don’t have documentation,” she said. She said she worked another job, but it got affected by Covid-19. “I decided to join my mom because I was unemployed and I took a class to teach as well,” she said. She said they teach the same syllabus as the Zimbabwean one. “Because we are working with the Zimbabwean syllabus, if a kid comes here and we teach them for the year that they are here, they don’t have to repeat the class when they go home,” she said. Letwin said the school is not registered yet. “The department told us to get the school registered, but we haven’t because our passports expired in 2022,”  and we thought we would go home but we didn’t,” she said. Parent Sarafina Mukuni (39) said they are happy with the school. “Kids can continue with their studies when they get to our country,” she said. “If these kids don’t get educated then it will cause crime. I think that this school is perfect,” she said. On the other hand, the Gauteng Department of Education, does not seem to agree with the mother and daughter’s mission. Department spokesman Steve Mabona said: “The department is not aware of the issue of an illegal foreign citizens school operating in Winterveldt. The report at our disposal reveals that the school accommodates 75 Grade R to 4 undocumented Zimbabwean nationals. “Consequently, Department officials were dispatched to the school on 20 January and necessary documents were completed and the alleged owners of the school were informed to cease operating immediately.” You must be SIGNED IN to comment! Mabona said that they will revisit the school on Monday, 23 January, to get pupils’ details for placement and ensure the said school has stopped operating. “Section 45 states that everyone has a right to open an independent school at his/her own cost, whereas on the other hand, Section 46 states that anyone operating a school that is not registered with the provincial department, is guilty of an offence and upon conviction, is liable for a prison sentence of not less than three months. We will continue to monitor the situation,” concluded Mabona.