ANYTHING is possible in life. It doesn’t matter whether you attend a kasi high school or a school in the suburbs. This was recently proven when Banele Modisane passed matric with flying colours. Banele, a pupil from Phineas Xulu Secondary School in Vosloorus, Ekurhuleni, obtained six distinctions. This was not the only pupil from Ekurhuleni who did well. Lusanda Khanyisile from Katlehong in Ekurhuleni and her schoolmate Depalesa Buso obtained seven distinctions each. ALSO READ: Schools vandalized during the festive season! The pupils’ dedication and hard work paid off. They dedicated their achievements to a tutoring centre, Karabo Centre, and their families who supported them throughout their schooling years. The pupils were honoured with trophies for their steerling achievements on Friday, 27 January, at JD Dumane Hall in Vosloorus. Gogo Maria Malope from Katlehong, a pensioner who is solely dependent on an old-age grant and selling cooldrinks, ensured that her granddaughter Dipalesa had everything she needed for school. She used her profit from selling cooldrinks to pay for her granddaughter’s transport to get to and from Karabo Centre for mathematics and science for weekend and holiday lessons. Today, gogo Maria is celebrating that Dipalesa has passed her matric with seven distinctions and has been accepted to study medicine at the University of Pretoria. Speaking to Daily Sun, the gogo said: “I am excited. God has finally answered my prayers. I am selling cooldrinks to provide for Dipalesa. I will continue to do so to support her while she’s at the university.” You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Dipalesa from Phumulani Secondary School said: “I joined Karabo Centre because l wanted a better future for myself and to change the situation at home. I live with my grandmother and we are dependent on her pension grant and profit from selling cooldrinks. I am the first one to pass matric at home. I’m a generational curse breaker and will ensure that I support my grandmother when I am finished studying.” Karabo Centre is celebrating 10 years of existence and all of its alumni are doing well in their chosen careers. Khothatso Tshesa, a former Karabo Centre pupil who matriculated from Sunward Park Secondary School in 2020 with five distinctions, is studying BSC mechanical engineering at Wits University. He was awarded a bursary by Komatsu Mining Corporation, which is one Karabo Centre’s sponsors. He said: “Those who don’t have money at home to further their education must not be worried. Even if the National Student Financial Aid Scheme funding does not work out, there are some role players such as Karabo Centre that help dedicated pupils to pursue their dreams,” said Tshesa. Somila Maloyi, a former Karabo Centre pupil who also matriculated from Sunward Park Secondary School in 2020 with four distinctions, is studying electrical engineering at the University of Pretoria. He was also offered a bursary through the centre by Komatsu Mining Corporation. “Karabo Centre is giving pupils exposure through their academic excellence,” said Maloyi.