THE METRO cop, in full view of witnesses, knocked Sphesihle Mtshali down with his car and even rode over him. When he loaded the injured man in his car, the family thought he was taking him to hospital. But the officer fled. SPHESIHLE NEVER GOT TO HOSPITAL AND THE COP IS TELLING STORIES THAT DON’T MAKE ANY SENSE! Busisiwe Shezi (24) told Daily Sun that her boyfriend, Sphesihle Mtshali (29), who lived with her in Kingsway, Ekurhuleni, was hit by an officer from the Ekurhuleni Metro Police Department (EMPD) with his car and drove off with him. The family has searched everywhere for their loved one, but with no luck. The family said Sphesihle went out for a few drinks on Christmas Eve, but never came back home. According to witnesses, the car hit him and then drove over him. “When he didn’t come home, I kept calling him but he didn’t answer,” Busisiwe said. The family started searching and making inquiries and on 26 December, they discovered what had happened. “We went to Metro police offices to report the matter and question the cop. “He told us he dropped him off at the robots so he doesn’t know where he is,” said Busisiwe. When fellow officers questioned him, he gave them attitude and told them that he had already spoken to the family. He said there was no need for him to explain the same thing twice. Busisiwe said the officer who was handling the case escalated the matter and spoke to the chief of police, who told them to arrest him. “The cop had different stories. He said he was drunk and may have dropped him off at the shops or near the mountains. Suddenly, he wasn’t sure anymore,” said Busisiwe. When he was arrested, he asked to pass by his aunt to tell her that he was going to jail. And that is when he decided to flee. “His phone was on and off. When they were tracking him, it was showing that he was in Delmas and then a few days later, he was in Modderfontein East in Ekurhuleni,” said Busisiwe. “His wife tried to stop the search when police arrived but they had a search warrant. He was found in his home inside the wardrobe.” When asked why he ran away, he said he was seeing a sangoma and visiting his brother in Delmas. But the brother said he had not seen him in eight months. Busisiwe said now that he was in court, he said he didn’t know anything about the incident. Sphesihle’s sister, Zandile Shandu (31), told Daily Sun that before the cop fled, he said the family should see a sangoma who would reveal if their son was still alive. “Our mum has not been well. She locks herself in her room and hardly eats or speaks. This has really left us all in a bad state,” said Zandile. Sphesihle’s brother, Alex Zwane, said they had looked everywhere, but with no success. “We have been to hospitals and mortuaries, but without any luck,” said Alex. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments He is now pleading with SunReaders to assist the family with any information that might help find their loved one. Gauteng police spokeswoman Colonel Dimakatso Sello said a case of kidnapping was opened and a suspect was arrested. The suspect appeared in the Benoni Magistrates Court on Tuesday, 17 January. She added that the suspect was in custody and will appear in court again on Tuesday, 24 January. 