OVERCROWDING in schools is top of the agenda for the Department of Basic Education in 2023. Minister of Basic Education Angie Motshekga has told the media that her department has been working tirelessly to deal with issues of overcrowding in schools and placement of pupils. Motshekga said this during her first Back to School visit at Cosmo City Junior Primary School on Wednesday morning, 11 January. Motshekga said overcrowding is a big problem in the country and her department has approached Treasury to allocate them special funding in the 2023 financial year to assist in building schools or classrooms. “There are different initiatives that we are taking as the department. Last year we did a national review because overcrowding is a national issue. We had to approach Treasury to give us special funding, where we won’t put mobile classes but build those classrooms. Because sometimes you just need four extra classrooms,” she said. The minister said as soon as the 2023 financial year starts, Treasury will be giving them money to build the necessary infrastructure. Speaking on the placement of pupils, especially the grade 1s and 8s in Gauteng, Motshekga pleaded with parents of pupils who have not yet been allocated places at schools to give them at least 10 days to address the problem. Minister of Basic Education Angie Motshekga says overcrowding is a national problem, they're working to fix in the next financial year of 2023. Motshekga is currently visiting the Cosmo City Junior Primary School as part of the Back to School inspection. ?? @MedupeKB #grade1 pic.twitter.com/B0DqHG3bqh  She said so far 1 500 pupils in Gauteng are yet to be placed. She said the issue of placement has become an annual problem. However, this year, the national department and the provincial department have made plans to quickly deal with the problem. “This year is better, this time they are left with 1 500 that need to be placed. They are using churches where there are not enough spaces, sometimes it’s really circumstances that are beyond our control but we have committed ourselves with the MEC that in 10 days’ time we must have resolved all of them.” Minister of Basic Education Angie Motshekga addressing the issue of placement in schools, especially in Gauteng. She said they have given themselves ten days to make sure all pupils, grade 1 and grade 8s are properly placed in schools. ?? @MedupeKB #grade1  When asked if the online placement was working, since parents complain every year about it, Motshekga said the online application is working properly and is useful to them. She said the issue of placement is not new, it has been there even before they introduced the online system. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments She said some problems with the placements comes from parents who find themselves having to move provinces or cities because of jobs or other problems, so they normally give themselves at least 10 days to fix this. The minister has also urged parents to take note of their responsibilities when it comes to their children’s education. She requested them to be involved in their learning and to work with teachers in the development of the pupils. “We wish all our learners a fruitful year ahead,” she said.