GOGO Nelisa Ndunyana (64) from Langa in Cape Town, whose son Sithembele Ndunyana (30) was allegedly killed by patrollers on 3 January, is devastated. Sithembele had allegedly robbed a resident of yogurt, dagga and chicken feet. The woman said the death of her son left her bleeding inside. “We buried him on Friday, 13 January,” she said. “I don’t say my child was innocent, but nobody has the right to kill another person. “When my child died, he was in serious pain. “Doctors said he had head injuries.” THE City of Cape Town is warning matrics to celebrate their results in a responsible manner. MMC of Safety and Security Jean-Pierre Smith said people tend to be over excited in their celebrations and that should not be the case. "Whether its celebrations or commiserations, I want to appeal to our young people to do so responsibly.  She said children get punished when they do something bad but they don’t get killed. “Even murderers are not killed, they are sent to jail,” she said. Gogo Nelisa said patrollers never visited her home to apologise for the death of her son. “They never came to my house to say they were sorry and it was not their intention to kill my child,” she added. “I buried my son without their assistance. Not that I wanted them to help but just to show their faces and apologise on behalf of their colleagues.” Langa Safety Patrol chairman Bandile Gcuwa said they couldn’t go to the family as they had been arrested. “The incident happened on Tuesday and we were arrested on Wednesday. “It was not possible for us to go to the family. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  “The matter is before the court, so we can’t talk about this with the family,” he said. He said he will not delve into details of the matter as their lawyer instructed them not to comment. “If you want more information, you have to speak to our lawyer,” he said. Captain Frederick van Wyk confirmed that two suspects, aged 32 and 34, were arrested in connection with the death of a man. The arrested patrollers appeared in court last week and will be in court again on 23 February.