Tshwane people woke up to sad news on Monday, 30 January. The talented Bacardi star, Vusi Ma R5 was allegedly gunned to death in the morning on Monday. Vusi was known for his bacardi songs like Thaba Ke changitse and Tse nnyane. He put Tshwane’s bacardi and it’s dances on the map while performing on big stages like events such as Tshwanefontain. He had also introduced many talented dancers to Mzansi and also did songs with upcoming artists. Fans have been sending tributes on social media after hearing the sad news.  Ma Pitori re latlhegetswe bathong ??????????Our King Of Barcadi ?? ?? #vusimaR5 #Pitori #Pretoria pic.twitter.com/kxlS8vu66U  Ma Pitori re latlhegetswe bathong ??????????Our King Of Barcadi ?? ?? #vusimaR5 #Pitori #Pretoria pic.twitter.com/kxlS8vu66U — Miss Kay (@DaisyMolatlhegi) January 30, 2023  Treasure SA wrote: "My brother Vusi Ma R5 passed away this morning, we were working on something big together. He was supposed to be a special guest at GTM Awards 2023 and he was also nominated under the category of Artist of the year, since he passed away I guess I will hear from his management. This is the last picture he sent me, R.I.P Vusi njaka... My condolences to his family and to his best friend Enny Man Da Guitar king of barcadi left us, mxaaa I'm so hurt shame, I will forever miss you brother, Rest in peace.” Pretoria is the New Ukraine#RIPVUSIMAR5 #vusimaR5 pic.twitter.com/bbZVcAnxtU  Moretele community radio wrote: “You craft touched countless lives. Your contribution was deep and immense in making BACARDI fashionable, in many a party scene. May peace and comfort blanket the loved ones you left behind.” Tendai Joe wrote: “Waking up to the news that they shot and killed Vusi maR5 is not how we should be starting the week. "Tse nnyane tsao kruza tsao fetsa petrol"... Vusi was a vibe! We have lost a Barcadi Legend. Hope they find and arrest the killers.” Twii Swii Rsa wrote: “As we all know Rest in peace quotes are death  quotes??????!.These are actually sad quotes we use when someone receives a call from God  and now Vusi Ma R5 received it. Losing someone in the curse of death is really painful.We'll all die,that is the reality of this life.Death is something inevitable but it's really a sad moment when we miss our friends&loved ones forever. Retlo o Hopola Vusi Ma R5. Till we meet again, guide us always be our new angel from now till the end. Your memories remains in our hearts forever. Rest Easy Groot Man" Baby ke changitse ???? ??#vusimaR5 #RIPVUSIMAR5 #Pretoria pic.twitter.com/GQ1fOuLKjo Potiri is a crime scene ,too many killings RIP king ?? #vusimaR5 pic.twitter.com/Mt64ZXAILt My deepest comfort to his family ??#vusimaR5 pic.twitter.com/4h8F9ANkqZ — KΔMOG?LO SITO ???|???? (@Lekaeyy_Kamo) January 30, 2023  From your name being whispered, to being loudly and affectionately spoken about, you’ll be remembered for the positively solid , imprint you left in this world…..#RIPVUSIMAR5#VusiMaR5@LamiezHolworthy pic.twitter.com/dywjQtA3SO 