THE madala may be old but he’s a machine in bed, or so he tells Daily Sun. He also said he’s blessed with a big 4-5, but the only problem is that it has stopped working. The 60-year-old madala from Jabulani, Soweto, said he’s been lonely since his wife died in 2019. “I haven’t had a girlfriend since then because I’m just not ready for emotional involvement. I usually just masturbate and then I’m fine afterwards,” he said. “But on 2 December I decided to have a little fun with a magosha,” he said. “I was so ready for her. I even had some pills just to last longer, and I wasn’t disappointed. It really went great,” said the madala. He said he even saved the woman’s number in case he wanted another steamy session. “But from that day on, I realised that my 4-5 doesn’t work anymore.” He said his sister told him to let this go as he’s old anyway. But he went to a doctor who told him that this was normal for a man his age and then gave him some pills, which he said didn’t work. REGISTER TO COMMENT! “I went to see a sangoma and she told me I had sex with a person who uses strong muthi,” he said. The madala called the woman and she admitted that she uses muthi to attract clients, but not to harm them. “Now I’m sitting with a malfunctioning 4-5 because I wanted a happy hour with a 28-year-old woman,” he said. Daily Sun spoke to the magosha who stressed that the muthi isn’t meant to harm her clients. “I don’t think the madala was harmed. I think his age plays a role in this but if this is what he believes, then I’m really sorry,” said the magosha. His 51-year-old sister is ashamed of what her brother did and doesn’t know how to help him. She said a year after his wife died, they suggested that he takes another wife but he refused. “These problems could have been prevented if he listened to the family. Now I really don’t know how to help him,” said the madala’s sister. Sangoma gogo Lesedi Mokoena said sometimes muthi could be harmless for one person, but negatively affect another. “People are not the same and this is exactly what happened in this case,” said Mokoena. She said the madala could come and see her and she’ll help him.