CHRISTAR Legwaragwara is devastated after his kota business burnt to ashes! The rapper, whose real name is Christopher Nkoana (35) from Turfloop in Limpopo, told Daily Sun that he was heartbroken when he received a call in the early hours of Wednesday, 28 December, that his shop in Madiga, Limpopo, was on fire. “I wish I knew what happened. “I got a call at about 11pm from people who were partying, telling me that my shop was on fire,” he said. “I started Legwaragwara’s Café to survive as music wasn’t bringing me an income, but now the shop has been burnt to the ground.” He said his workers told him that they had switched off all electrical appliances. ALSO READ : Skeem Saam actor on the run! The rapper suspects that it might be local shop owners who don’t want to see him succeed as he sells his food at a lower price. “It looks like a deliberate sabotage. My business has enjoyed so much support from the village and surrounding areas. He said they branched out of the village so that they can meet the demand from the people of other places. “I used the R350 Sassa social relief grant to build this new shop using the cheapest materials,” he said. “I also got chased away from my shop in Paledi Mall in Mankweng three months ago. “I was accused of paying too little rent compared to the money I was making.” He said that three months down the line people and workers still call him looking for his kota. The rapper said he’s now focusing on his studies and music. “I’m busy with my law degree and working on a comeback single called Zeal, which will come from an EP I’ll be dropping called Cooking in the Village,” he said. “I have also been assisting underprivileged pupils with free school uniforms.” and I had incentives for the learners that passed every term, giving them free popcorns to celebrate and motivate them.” The musician said he had a very special bond with his customers and pupils. Christopher said he’ll be happy if someone could help him rebuild his shop. “I’ll appreciate any help from local people,” he said. He said he decided not to open a case. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Mapula Molapo, who was a regular customer, said: “He didn’t deserve this. He is nice to his customers and everyone in the community,” she said.I don’t know where we will get our lunches. Christopher was our guy when we needed the cheapest food.” Neighbour Lesiba Makgaba said when he saw the fire, he couldn’t stop crying. “This was our spot. We used to chill here and have our fast food. We were planning to have the best New Year’s Eve party at the shop,” he said.People are evil. I wonder who did this to our boy. It’s painful as he was helping people in our area when they needed kotas,” he said.