SELF-CONFESSED murderer Flavio Hlabangwane allegedly abused her cousin, who was also her lover, before her dismembered body parts were found inside his fridge, the Palm Ridge Magistrates Court heard. On Tuesday, 24 January, the court heard horrific tales of how Tshepang Pitse (23) was constantly beaten up by Flavio. The horrifying details of the abuse were shared by the state witness and Tshepang’s friend who took the stand. She asked the court not to be identified for her own safety. She said Flavio and Tshepang were in a love relationship since 2016, but she only became aware of the abuse in 2019. She said: “The deceased didn’t say much about their relationship, but only told me about the abuse that was going on.” She testified that Flavio wanted Tshepang to call him “king” and to kneel down when serving him food. The witness said she also overheard their telephone conversation one day where the two were having a heated argument. She testified that Flavio demanded that Tshepang should come back home and threatened to shave her hair off or put a scar on her face if she did not do that. She said at the time, Tshepang was visiting her. “Flavio told the deceased that you know what happens when you abandon the ship, referring to their relationship,” she said. She said the abuse continued and one night, Tshepang sent her a voicenote crying and wanting to commit suicide. “The deceased told me that Flavio had shaved her hair off. She sent me a picture of her dreadlocks on the floor. I begged her not to kill herself,” she said. She said she advised them to go for counselling, but Flavio accused her of intefering in their relationship. She said the last time she spoke to Tshepang was in November 2021 although she was not certain that it was indeed her on WhatsApp. Flavio, in his statement, said he wasn’t certain which day exactly the murder took place, stating that it was between 6 November 2021 and 13 November 2021. He has pleaded guilty to killing Tshepang and dismembering her head, legs and arms. The state has called for Flavio to stand trial for a more serious charge of premeditated murder, stating that there is evidence of violence prior to the murder. You must be SIGNED IN to comment! Flavio was relaxed behind the dock as he took notes while the state witness delivered her testimony. He shared a laugh with close relatives during court breaks. The court has been adjourned until 26 January.