Musician, Bongekile 'Babes Wodumo' Simelani warmed Mzansi's hearts with her New Years' eve performance. Babes Wodumo performed at the Last Dance 2022 event which took place in Pietermaritzburg in KZN. Babes Wodumo delivered the sterling performance a day after burying her husband, Mandla 'Mampintsha' Maphumulo. Mampintsha died on the 24th of December 2022 after suffering from a stroke. Friends and family bade the musician his final farewell at a funeral service at the Inkosi Albert Luthuli International Convention Centre in Durban on Friday (30 December 2022). The funeral was set to be a celebration of his life. On Thursday, 29 December 2022, Bongekile stole a moment at her husband's memorial when she danced to her hubby's verse in the song titled Ngeke by Big Nuz. That same song was the song of the year on Ukhozi FM and Bongekile surprised Mzansi with her amazing performance. Babes Wodumo was preforming live on stage tonight. Girl is definitely back at work and must be supported by all means. May God make way for her to continue this journey. May she be strong, bold & courageous as she heal the pain of losing her husband. Proud of you Queen ?????????? pic.twitter.com/D3NbcicL2v "The girl is definitely back at work and must be supported by all means. May God make way for her to continue this journey. May she be  strong, bold and  courageous as she heals the pain of losing her husband. Proud of you Queen," Keabetswe tweeted. Sipho Gumede said he didn't expect this to be the song of the year but he definitely needed to see that performance from Babes. "May God heal her and give her all the strength she needs to go forward," said Sipho. I cried…BABES WODUMO ?????????????????? what a QUEEN ?????? #Ngeke #BigNuz #RipMampintsha #SongOfTheYear @LastDanceFest #LastDance pic.twitter.com/pDsuP03Siq Babes wodumo has my heart. My wish is to see her prosper. I shed a tear when I saw her stepping up. South Africa let's welcome her back. Babes Wodumo Also I have new found love and respect for Babes Wodumo. My heart when she walked into that stage my gosh. Last night was incredible. Happy New year. pic.twitter.com/3qILBuD27O 