LESS than a day after Eskom said they were considering implementing a permanent load shedding between stage two and three, they were hit by a blow, which caused them to move the power cuts to stage four. The struggling power utility on Monday morning, 23 January, said two generating units at Tutuka Power Station were shut down during the night. Eskom spokesman Sikhonathi Mantshantsha said the return to service of an Arnot power station unit has been delayed, further reducing available capacity. He said load shedding will be maintained at stage three until 4pm on Monday, and stage four load shedding will be implemented from 4pm to 5am. Meanwhile in his weekly newsletter, President Cyril Ramaphosa has said lack of investment in new generating capacity, poor power plant maintenance, corruption and criminality, sabotage of infrastructure, rising municipal debt and a lack of suitable skills at Eskom have all created a perfect storm. ALSO READ:Eish! Mzansi hit with permanent load shedding for two years “For many years, critical maintenance was deferred, and our power stations were run too hard in order to keep the lights on. As a country, we are now paying the price for these miscalculations. “We must be realistic about our challenges and about what it is going to take to fix them. While we all desperately want to, we cannot end load shedding overnight,” he said. Ramaphosa said over the last few days, he has held consultative meetings with representatives of labour, business, traditional leaders, religious leaders and the community constituency, including premiers, metro mayors and leaders of political parties. He said in each of those meetings, he stressed the importance of staying the course, instead of coming up with unsustainable short-term solutions. You must be SIGNED IN to comment! “Six months ago I announced a national Energy Action Plan to improve the performance of Eskom’s power stations and add new generation capacity as quickly as possible. “This plan was the result of extensive consultation and was endorsed by energy experts as the most realistic path towards ending load shedding,” said the president. “As we know only too well from the experience of the last few weeks, many of the measures in the plan will not be felt in the immediate term. That’s why we are using every means at our disposal, calling on every resource we have, to get power onto the grid as a matter of extreme urgency.”