FORMER
President Jacob Zuma is expected to make a brief appearance in the South
Gauteng High Court on Thursday, 19 January in connection with the private
prosecution against President Cyril Ramaphosa. The matter
will be postponed after the court's case management gave a directive on
Wednesday that the issue regarding the legality of the case will be heard on 17
and 18 May. This means
Ramaphosa would not have to appear in court as per Zuma’s summons issued on 15
December. The full
bench of the high court granted Ramaphosa an interim interdict halting any
further steps by Zuma in his private prosecution of Ramaphosa. In the
judgment delivered by Deputy Judge President Roland Sutherland found that Zuma
would suffer no harm if the interdict was granted until Part B (legality issue)
was heard. The
application for private prosecution arose from Zuma’s accusation of Ramaphosa of
being an “accessory after the fact” in his other case against prosecutor Billy
Downer and journalist Karyn Maughan or obstructing the course of justice by
facilitating them to evade justice. In a
statement released on Tuesday, 17 January the Jacob Zuma Foundation said Zuma’s
legal team has now completed its analysis of the judgment by the South Gauteng
High Court Deputy Judge President Roland Sutherland DJP which granted President
Cyril Ramaphosa an interdict to stop Zuma’s private prosecution of him.  "The
legal team will henceforth and in the next 48 hours be finalising the extensive
consultation with Zuma. At this stage, the standing instructions are that Zuma,
in his capacity as the private prosecutor, will honour and attend the sitting
of the criminal proceedings set down by the registrar on 19 January 2023 at
9.30 am," read the statement. It said the
purpose of his attendance was amongst others to explain the latest developments
introduced by the judgment, the likely absence of the accused as a result of
the said judgment, and more importantly to specifically avoid the adverse
consequences of section 11 (1) of the Criminal Procedure Act 51 of 1977. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments The Act
states: “If the private prosecutor does not appear on the day set down for the
appearance of the accused or the trial of the accused, the charge against the
accused shall be dismissed unless the court has reason to believe that the
private prosecutor was prevented from being present by circumstances beyond his
control, in which event the court may adjourn the case to a later date”