TORTOISES are my best friends and I enjoy taking care of them. These were the words of Solomon Ledwaba from Alaska squatter camp in Mamelodi, Tshwane, who has been keeping tortoises for almost 10 years. He’s taking care of three tortoises. and said they are his best friends. “I started keeping them back in my village at Zebediela in Limpopo. “They’re friendly and innocent reptiles that need care,” he said. The 42-year-old said he came across them while he was touring a nearby mountain in Mamelodi. He appealed to people who come across tortoises in the bushes not to kill them., but rather let him know so he can take care of them. “These are beautiful creatures and I enjoy being with them. “In fact, they are my best friends.  He said some of the tortoises sometimes lay eggs, but he doesn’t eat their eggs. Solomon said he was inspired by how the tortoises walk and live. He said the good thing is that he is not scared of them. “Snakes are scared of tortoises, which makes my home safe,” he said. He said they lay eggs, but he doesn’t eat them. Solomon keeps the tortoises in his shack as they enjoy living in cool places. He said the tortoises enjoy eating bananas, cabbage, tomatoes and carrots. and other vegetables and fruit as well. “I love thecreatures because they bring me closer to my ancestors. “They bring luck to the people as well,” he said. “I like vegetation, animals, birds and reptiles,” he said. Solomon said that he was shocked to learn that he needed a permit to keep tortoises, which he doesn’t have. Keshvi Nair of the National Council of Societies for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals said Solomon must have a permit to keep and own a tortoise. You must be SIGNED IN to comment! “It’s illegal to own a tortoise without a permit. Tortoises require a lot of care and attention.If tortoises are found under the care of people without a permit and who have failed to adequately care for animals, as it is often the case, action to be taken can include a fine, imprisonment or both,” said Nair.