BEFORE the official start of ANC 111th birthday celebration today, members of the party went to gather “strength” and renew their faith in their party before the big celebration. Led by the party’s newly elected deputy president Paul Mashatile, the members went to the Wesleyan Church in Mangaung. This is the church where Africa’s oldest liberation movement was formed on 8 January 1912. Mashatile and his fellow colleagues danced, worshipped and prayed together before Mashatile gave a short address on the significance of coming to the church. WATCH:ANC Women's League members dancing inside the Wesleyan Church in Mangaung in Bloemfontein. The Party was founded at this church on 8 January 1912. #ANC111 #ANCNationalConference #cyrilramaphosa ?? @MedupeKB pic.twitter.com/ts1xFd52Dz He said the reason they came to the church was to remind themselves why the movement was formed and to also honour the first people who gave their lives to the struggle. Mashatile also spoke to the ministers who were there, telling them that time for talking was over and that it was now time for action.  “Our people are tired of us talking. They now want implementation. It is time to act and work for our people,” he said. He said coming to the church was a reminder that the ANC was not dying. You must be signed in to read comments! Some of the delegates who attended the church service were anti-apartheid activist Sophia Williams-De Bruyn, former Parliament speaker Baleka Mbete, ANC Women’s League leader Bathabile Dlamini, former North West premier Supra Mahumapelo and Minister of Tourism Lindiwe Sisulu. Speaking to Daily Sun, Sisulu said coming to the church was more emotional for her because it reminded her of the people who started the movement and what they sacrificed. “This is where the ANC was born and born in the midst of people who were committed to the liberation of our people. “Our job is to come here and renew our faith in our organisation and make sure that we give our people the same hope that we were given,” she said. Sisulu said she worried if they still had the same dedication but hoped that after the church service they would recommit themselves.