IT has hardly been a month since a bacardi dancer was killed. And now, the king of bacardi music, Vusi Ma R5 was gunned down in the early hours of Monday, 30 January. The 34-year-old Tshwane star, whose real name’s Itumeleng Mosoeu, was known for his bacardi songs, Tse Nnyane and Thaba (Ke Changitse). Gauteng police spokeswoman Colonel Dimakatso Sello said police in Akasia are investigating a case of murder. “On 30 January at approximately 1am, the police were called to a shooting incident where a 34-year-old man was found lying next to the road with gunshot wounds. “According to reports, the victim was sitting with his friends outside a tavern at extension 13 in Soshanguve when he went across the road to the car. “The others allegedly just heard gunshots and when they went to investigate they found the victim lying on the ground. No suspects were arrested,” she said. The police asked anyone who may have information about this incident to contact their police station or report it on the CrimeStop line at 08600 10111. When Daily Sun visited Vusi Ma R5’s home, the family said they were not ready to talk to the media. However, they released a media statement. “It is with heavy hearts that we announce the passing of Vusi Ma R5, a beloved and talented artist who inspired countless fans and fellow artists with his music. The artist Itumeleng Mosoeu allegedly ran into an unfortunate incident that led to his untimely passing in the early hours of Monday morning. “Please note that details of his passing cannot be disclosed as they are still being investigated. “The Mosoeu family and Tribal Records management have kindly asked for privacy and respect during this time of grieving and will release a statement in due course. Details of the funeral and memorial service will be confirmed,” read the statement. Regional EFF chairman Obakeng Ramabodu condemned Vusi Ma R5’s murder. “The music industry today is awoken to yet another senseless murder which continues to rob South Africa of its home-grown music producers,” he said. You must be SIGNED IN to comment! He said Vusi Ma R5 did not only place Tshwane on the map regarding the development of its entertainment industry, he demonstrated that young black people with a determination to succeed can overcome obscurity in life and achieve great success. He said the EFF in Tshwane will continue to amplify its call to the multi-party coalition to install cameras to improve the safety of the residents. “We call on law enforcement agencies to act decisively and apprehend the murderers of Vusi Ma R5,” he said.