THE Battle of Isandlwana victory happened 144 years ago and is still the biggest achievement in the Zulu nation. They still commemorate it with pride and take Isandlwana Mountain as their holy mountain. It was mixed emotions when Amabutho and the British Army were demonstrating what happened during the battle of Isandlwana in  Nquthu, northern KZN on Saturday, 21 January. Zulu king, Misuzulu Ka Zwelithini, the Zulu monarchy traditional Prime Minister, Prince Mangosuthu Buthelezi, former President Jacob Zuma, former Health Minister Dr Zweli Mkhize, and thousands of people had a special chance to see the demonstration of the battle that occurred in 22 January 1879. The people who attended the commemoration were thrilled to see how the British army wearing red coats and armed with big guns was defeated by Amabutho armed with cow shield and spears. King Misuzulu said the Battle of Isandlwana is the one that put the Zulu nation on the map because they surprised many people when they defeated an armed army with spears and shields. “The British army didn’t believe that it was defeated by the Zulus. King Cetshwayo ordered his Amabutho to fight the British only at Isandlwana and they won the battle. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “The Battle of Isandlwana was not for the Zulu only, but it was the Blacks against Whites or Africans against British, so all other Black nations should commemorate this battle” he said. Leader of Dundee Die Heart, Gavin Slater who represented British army during the commemoration told Daily Sun that although they know that they were defeated, they are happy to be part of the commemoration. “Our defeat was humiliating and painful. It was out first loss in any war. We were defeated in the battle but few days later, we defeated the Zulu at Rorkers Drifts and claimed our reputation back. “It is nice to be part of this commemoration because it teaches us to not do the same mistakes we've done before,” he said. Amabutho leader Sipho Mhlongo told DailySun that it always brings mixed emotions to commemorate the Battle of Isandlwana. “We are always happy to be reminded that we won, but at the same time we always remember that our many heroes were killed for nothing, while defending their land. Hearing guns sounds during the demonstration brings tears because it feels like they are literally shooting us. However, it is a good thing to show our young generations about what happened and move on,” he said.  