"She has always been the cream of the crop." These were the words of the mother of Mpumalanga's best-performing learner, Bathobile Nkambule. The 17-year-old from Highveld Secondary School in Elukwatini has walked away with a Toyota Etios, full bursary, cash worth R50 000, and other goodies. Nkambule who has been doing mathematics, Physical Science, Life Science, Accounting, Life Orientation, Siswati, and English has obtained distinctions in all the subjects. She told Daily Sun that this was through her hard work since she started her schooling years. " I was always ahead with every subject, and when my teachers started with every new topic, it was like a revision for me. When I didn't understand, I would ask and my teachers were very helpful," she said.  Although load shedding almost tried to ruin her study plans, Nkambule was using a candle to study throughout the night. " I would use my phone as light and when the battery dies, I used candles. There was no way that I could let load shedding be an excuse for not going through my books," she said. Nkambule said she was happy that she has performed exceptionally well in her studies. " I am very happy, I was expecting to perform well but being a top learner was not something that I thought of. I am grateful to my mother and teachers who made sure that I achieve my dreams," she said.  She added that she is going to study B.com in accounting sciences at the University of Pretoria. Her mother, Thokozile Nkumbule who is a hawker said this was a big relief for her. Thokozile's four children said she doesn't have to worry about paying any tuition fees because her daughter's hard work has paved a way for her. "I am very happy. I was expecting that she would pass with flying colours, she has always been the best. What happened today reflects her hard work," she said. Thokozile said she wishes that her daughter be a good example to other learners. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  The province has achieved a 76.8 % pass rate. This marks an improvement of 3.2% compared to the results of 2021. Education MEC, Bonakele Majuba said regardless of the challenges that the learners faced they managed to up the results to a higher percentage. He said he attributed this to teachers and all learning support staff.