THE dissatisfied family of the physical sciences teacher who was stabbed to death, allegedly by a matric pupil at Kagisano Combined School, in Soutpan, have accused cops of lack of transparency and having elements of bias. The family said they have been waiting for post mortem results since October last year and they said the investigating officer keeps on saying the matter is not in their hands. The slain teacher, Matefo Mphosela (35), was brutally murdered at her rented home in Soutpan. The deceased’s sister Kate Mphosela said the family has never been informed about any developments in the case, which raises questions. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “We suspect bias in this case. The accused was trying to commit suicide and torched my sister’s house in an attempt to destroy evidence,” she claimed. “But those are not part of the case. The accused has never denied being guilty of murdering my sister,” said Kate. Kate told Daily Sun life is completely different since her little sister’s death. “The struggle is real now,” she said. “We are not happy. We feel somehow neglected and we feel like the justice department is protecting the perpetrator more than it does with the victims. We don’t even know who is representing my sister/our family. It’s sad because the person who did this is out there enjoying his life, as if nothing happened! Therefore we are unable to claim my sister’s policies without the post mortem results. “Her elder son is emotionally drained. The fact that we are struggling to get him to school is really destroying him. His younger brother is still confused and believes that his mum will one day come home,” said Kate. Police spokesman Lieutenant-Colonel Thabo Covane said if family wants copies of the post mortem results they should apply. “For them to have the copies of the post mortem they have to apply. There is no way police can prioritise the accused over the deceased’s family. Our job is to investigate the case,” said Covane. National Prosecuting Authority spokesman Phaladi Shuping said the court would announce a trial date based on police evidence. The 20-year-old accused, Simphiwe Mondli, was released on bail last November. The accused appeared in the Brandfort Magistrates Court for pre-trial on Wednesday, 18 January. The case has been postponed to Wednesday, 8 February for further investigations.