The Minister of Transport, Fikile Mbalula visited the Airports Company South Africa (ACSA) today to conduct an oversight at O.R Tambo International Airport (ORTIA). This comes after the ACSA Management announced a set of measures taken to ensure a seamless travel experience at ACSA airports, including ORTIA. He said the airports are strategic assets for the Republic of South Africa and constitute major economic corridors. He mentioned that the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic after two years of global travel restrictions severely impacted the global aviation industry and ACSA was no exception. He said in terms of daily passenger volumes, the airport processed more than 27 000 departing domestic and international passengers per day on 9, 16 and 23 December 2022, which amounted to a 78% recovery rate form the previous year volumes.“To put these volumes into perspective, OR Tambo International Airport handled close to 300 departing air traffic movements per day, both domestic and international, on our busiest days, such as the 14th, 15th and 16th of December last year,” he said. The Minister added that one of the key focus areas of the Integrated Peak Season Plan for OR Tambo International Airport was on the availability of key services and infrastructure to ensure that these operate reliably and efficiently.“This includes lifts, escalators, travellators, trolleys and all the equipment needed to facilitate the seamless movement of passengers.” ALSO READ:Morocco airline cancels World Cup fans flights, citing Qatar restrictions “We have also focused on upgrading and expanding our parking infrastructure to address areas of congestion and to provide a more efficient and user-friendly parking procedure at our airports,” he said. He said, after receiving a detailed briefing from ACSA on the situation at ORTIA and the festive season has passed, they are prepared to welcome people back. Speaking on the flight delays that took place, Mbalula said last week, ORTIA was confronted with the challenge of a technical fault between the fuel storage facility and the main hydrant system, which impacted the refueling of aircrafts. He said the technical issue was as a result of the main supply valve supplying fuel to the aprons not opening, resulting in rotational delays to domestic and international departures. He added that 41 flights were affected, 32 were domestic flights and one regional affected and eight were international. The Minister said “The swift manner with which ACSA dealt with the challenge minimised the impact and ensured that flight schedules returned to normal within a reasonable time.” “I thank the affected passengers for their patience and airlines for their understanding and co-operation enabling us to resolve the challenge speedily,” said Mbalula. ACSA CEO Mpumi Mpofu said the fuel infrastructure system is being dealt with and the fault that happened has been resolved. She said there are also measures in place to make sure this doesn’t happen again and a better fuel security from Transnet will also be addressed. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments