BENEFICIARIES of the National Lotteries Commission (NLC) funding have failed to stop the Special Investigative Unit (SIU) from taking civil action against them. On 3 January 2023, the Special Tribunal dismissed with costs applications by a Non-Profit Organisation, Inqaba Yokulinda, and others to reconsider the preservation order freezing their luxury cars and a house. The request to strike out SIU’s application to review and set aside R19,2 million grant funding and recover financial losses suffered by the state was also dismissed. According to SIU spokesman Kaizer Kganyago, Inqaba Yokulinda applied for an NLC grant for a project in the Free State and the application was rejected. He said when the CEO of the organisation enquired about the reasons behind the rejection, she was approached with another offer. Kganyago said Inqaba Yokulinda was granted R15 million by the NLC to build an athletics track in the Northern Cape, but the organisation has no experience in construction. He said the NPO was given over R4,2 million in additional funds.  According to the SIU investigations, it was found that the money bought properties and other things. “The SIU investigations also found that luxury cars were bought with these funds. The investigations also show that loans were paid off and the funds also went towards spa treatments. When Proclamation R32 of 2022 came into effect, the SIU moved swiftly and assets were frozen,” said Kganyago. He said they also found out that some of the money went towards the former NLC board chairman Alfred Nevhutanda’s R27 million mansion. He said the parties whose assets were frozen applied for the preservation order to be overturned, but the Special Tribunal dismissed their application. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  “The SIU is empowered by the Special Investigating Units and Special Tribunals Act 74 of 1996 to institute civil action in the Special Tribunal or the High Court to correct any wrongdoing it uncovers in its investigation,” said Kganyago.