YET another Ndebele activist has been refused entry into a store because of his traditional clothing. This time, Kgotso Mahlangu was prevented from going into a Super Spar in Moratiwa Mall in KwaDlawulale in Limpopo on Wednesday, 11 January. Kgotso said he was meeting someone at the mall when he got thirsty. “I went to the supermarket to buy a bottle of water. The security guard at the door said I must leave my bag at the parcel counter. “I did as instructed, but the guard told me I am not allowed to enter the shop because I was naked,” said Kgotso. ALSO READ : Model Tshepi and rapper JR’s little girl turns one! He said he asked to see the store manager and explained what happened. “The manager and guard went to the office. They called me to follow them but I refused. I don’t know what they said in the office,” he said. Kgotso told Daily Sun he felt embarrassed during the incident. “The guard embarrassed me in full view of people and they were laughing at me. I ended up not buying the bottle of water and left. I even left the mall and ended up not meeting the person I was waiting for. I’m not ashamed of my culture,” he said. Kgotso is the second Ndebele activist to be barred from entering a shop wearing traditional regalia. Thando Mahlangu experienced the same treatment wearing when he was refused entry into a store in Boulders Shopping Centre in Midrand in 2018 and the Gautrain in 2020. Thando said he is concerned about the way Ndebele people are being treated when wearing their traditional clothing. “We really need to educate one another on our languages and culture. Kgotso has every right to wear his traditional regalia anywhere. It doesn’t have to be Heritage Day for him to wear his Ndebele attire. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “His cultural rights were violated by another black African. The way the matter was handled at Super Spar is not good. We need to escalate it and it should be taken very seriously,” he said. Chief Siphosezwe Mahlangu, chairman of Contralesa in Mpumalanga, said he has organised a meeting with all Ndebele activists to talk about the matter. “Our culture is being undermined and its a constitutional right for everyone to wear their cultural attire. White people wear mini skirts and no one bothers them. It is not written anywhere in malls that says no cultural attire is allowed. We are going to take this matter further,” he said. Spar Lowveld divisional managing director, Wilma Mahne, said they are aware of the incident. Wilma said: “While we are still getting all the relevant information and are engaging with the security company, we would like to apologise publicly and deeply to Kgotso Mahlangu and the SoGutjhe Royal House. “We have reached out to Mr Mahlangu and the SoGutjhe Royal House for a meeting and an opportunity to apologise and work together on ways to improve cultural awareness.” She said the refusal of entry is not in line with their values and beliefs.