TV news channel, Newzroom Afrika, tweeted that they will have Somizi Mhlongo as a guest to talk about the racial incident that happened at Maselspoort Resort in the Free State last month. . The matter involved two boys, aged 13 and 18, who were seen on CCTV camera being allegedly attacked by white men for wanting to swim in the pool that is reserved for whites only. The case is now in court. Newzroom Afrika’s tweet, which was later deleted, didn’t sit well with tweeps, including some celebs. The interview was scheduled for 2pm today on the DStv channel 405. ALSO READ : Song of the year drama! People were against the interview, saying that racism is a serious matter that needs to be discussed by experts and not just anyone because of their fame. Radio personality Claire Mawisa was first to confront the TV channel on Twitter. She posted the video of Irish actor Graham Norton, who is criticising the use of popular faces to discuss serious matters. She wrote: “Dear@Newsroom405, note that even though we love Somizi, a good point is made here by Graeme (Graham) Norton about how we should perhaps go about discussing serious issues in media.” She added that her criticising the idea is not about Somizi. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “Note, this is not specifically about Somizi. It’s about well-known personalities that are often roped in on discussions way out of their orbit of expertise. Their voices don’t move the conversation forward in a meaningful way. Broadcasters must stop it. Audiences deserve more,” Maeisa wrote. Many people agreed with her. Intombi Yasemthethweni wrote: “I would write an entire paper on how terrible this is for the channel. I’m so disappointed @Newzroom405.” Yenza Okuhle commented: “Maybe they chose Somizi because he was ‘shot and killed’ by the evil boers at a very young age for protesting, so he must be an expert on this topic.” While Ndim Ibhuda wrote: “He was on Sarafina, so maybe give him a chance.” The interview did not take place. Newzroom Afrika was asked to be sent an email. dear @Newzroom405, please note that even though we love somizi, a good point is made here by graeme norton about how we should perhaps go about discussing serious issues in media. https://t.co/MYGGRCnjMN pic.twitter.com/Er7dswVUAv  Breaking News| SA social/political analysts are on strike, and Somizi stands in for them. pic.twitter.com/34aGD7KjLG  