MAKHADZI didn’t have a great weekend as her Facebook and WhatsApp accounts were allegedly hacked. The social media accounts of the 26-year-old singer and dancer from Limpopo, whose real name is Ndivhudzannyi Ralivhona, shocked many of her fans as they were filled with nasty messages. The big question is: who hacked Makhadzi’s social media accounts? On Saturday, 7 January, her Facebook page was full of surprises as weird messages were shared there throughout the day. “These girls travelled from Botswana just to yoooo with my man,” one of the posts read. It was followed by other shocking posts. “I am so destroyed emotionally and I don’t need anyone to calm me down. What I am doing makes me feel better,” another post read. ALSO READ : Mpintsho’s sister needs help for mum She further said she couldn’t breathe and also shared a telephone number believed to be of Master KG, written Wanitwamos (KG). One of the posts said girls with good bodies should follow Makhadzi as she will show them where to get men. “If you have a nice body with a booty, I will tell you where to get real money,” the post read. Makhadzi later assured her fans that it wasn’t her posting and someone else was using her account. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments She wrote on Facebook and Twitter: “Finally, I got my accounts back. My WhatsApp and Facebook page were hacked. #makhadizonewomansbkw2023.” Some of her fans believed that she was really hacked while others thought she was the one behind the posts. “We won’t judge you, Khadzinator. You are not the first celebrity to do this,” said Steve Thobile. 2mee said she understood and showed the singer some love.  Ntuli wrote: “Damage control it is. Don’t worry, we understand the assignment.” “This sounds like a publicity stunt. Remember the noise with King Monada?” said Online Warrior. “Don’t worry, we were aware. Now we can see by ‘Alccount’ gore it’s you. We already forgave you,” said Edward. Prodigal Son laughed at the singer and asked her if she wasn’t drunk.