THE ANC Women’s League in the Free State has condemned the burning of the house belonging to the parents of Ngwathe Local Municipality’s mayor Victoria De Beer in Schonkenville, Parys, on Monday, 16 January. Spokeswoman Dikeledi Direko said the league understood the rights of community to service delivery, especially access to clean water without any interruption. “However, we cannot condone barbaric acts, and tolerate anarchy which threatens the lives of councillors and that of their immediate families. We call upon cops to move swiftly to arrest all the culprits, for we cannot live with rogue elements which threatens the gains of our democracy,” said Direko. She said they held the view that no amount of frustration should inspire protestors to take the law into their own hands. “Unless when purely motivated by criminality and hatred towards those deployed of our glorious movement,” said Direko. Free State MEC for Co-operative Governance and Traditional Affairs and Human Settlements Mxolisi Dukwana has also condemned what he regarded as a cowardly attack by arsonists on the home of the mayor’s parents. THULANI Hlongwane wants to quit nyaope. The 24-year-old from Lusaka in Mamelodi East, Tshwane, told Daily Sun he has been using the drug since he was introduced to it by a friend in 2011. Thulani said he wanted to stop using drugs, but didn't have the money or connections to get a place in a rehabilitation facility.  Dukwana told Daily Sun the sympathised and empathised with concerns about service delivery. However, he found no justification for violent attacks on public servants, their families and next of kin.   “We appeal to the police to speedily arrest perpetrators of this cowardly deed that violates the freedom and security of the parents of the mayor,” said Dukwana The MEC said he was of the firm view that sustainable service delivery could only take place in a climate of peace and development. This is the second incident where a house belonging to the parents of a mayor was torched during a service delivery protest. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  The parents’ home of then Masilonyana Local Municipality mayor Kunatu Koalane was torched by an angry mob. The unrest in Parys is still continuing.