AN ALLEGED rapist father (38) has been arrested at last. He is accused of raping his daughter (15) and her brother (12) repeatedly over a long time. The man from Rolle, outside Thulamahashe near Bushbuckridge in Mpumalanga, was arrested by police on Sunday, 8 January. His arrest comes after worried residents alerted Daily Sun, who called the police who took him away on 1 January. But a few hours later, he was back on the streets. On Sunday, the residents called Daily Sun again and that’s when his luck ran out. This after residents said the girl sneaked to neighbours asking for help as she was struggling to walk. “The girl arrived at our home crying for help in the early hours. “She was wetting herself and threatened to take her own life,” said a neighbour. “We knew police and social workers would do nothing so we called Daily Sun.” REGISTER TO COMMENT The dad’s cousin (27), who shared the house with the dad, said on New Year’s Eve the man tried to rape the mother of his two-year-old child in broad daylight while she was cooking. “I was taking a nap when I heard my wife screaming for help. I couldn’t believe my eyes as he followed her into the bedroom. He was shouting, ‘I want to give you crazy sex forever until you cry!’ ” said the cousin. “He stopped when I woke up and he left.” The man allegedly raped his daughter in the passage. The alleged rapist’s sister-in-law (45) said the kids have long been raped by the dad while living with him in Mkhuhlu after the death of their mum. “Residents wanted to kill him but he got away. He was offered to stay here with his cousin in 2020,” she said. “He continued raping the kids. We reported him to police and social workers. The cops arrested him and the kids were taken to a place of safety. But later they released him and took the kids back to him.” She said last year he poisoned the kids before drinking poison himself, but they all survived. “Late last year he wanted to kill the girl with a panga after breaking her silence,” she said. Village leader Shadrack Mathebula said social workers and police promised to take the kids to their mum’s family in KZN, but that never happened. “How can a dad sleep with his own kids in one room.Lieutenant-Colonel Brian Mnisi of Mhala police arrested him on Sunday (8 January),” said Mathebula. Mpumalanga Social Development spokesman Centie Ngubane said such incidents were a reflection of the complete decay of morals and values. He said his department has issued instructions to its sub-district office to assign social workers to ensure that both the victims got the necessary support. “We call on our communities to report such incidents to social development. Let us protect our children from all forms of abuse,” he said. Police spokesman Captain Magonseni Nkosi said: “The matter is being attended to and police are on it. Social workers are also involved.”