EVERY school holiday, she took her late sister’s son to visit his father’s relatives. And he would visit them and then return home. But last year, the 12-year-old boy didn’t come home from visiting the family. Now the 35-year-old aunt claims the family ran away with him, but she doesn’t know where they are. All she heard is that they have moved to KZN. ALSO READ:Victim’s family slams police! “They packed their things and left. I heard they are somewhere in KZN, but I don’t know which area,” she said. The woman from Meyerton, in the Vaal, said she suspects the child was taken so the family could get their hands on his late father’s pension money. His father died in 2021. “I don’t care about the money because I’m working for myself,” said the woman. She works in a meat processing company in the Vaal, where the boy’s father also worked. She said she had been raising the boy since he was still a baby after his mum died a few months after giving birth. “The boy knows me as his mother. and I’m protective of him. Those ones don’t know him. They only want to use him. “I’m worried he might not be in school because all his documents are with me. “I regret opening up to them,” she said. I thought I was doing the right thing for my nephew, but I can see I was wrong,” she said. She said she discovered in early January that the family had run away with her nephew when she went to fetch him as schools were about to reopen. You must be SIGNED IN to comment! “I couldn’t believe that those people could stoop so low for money,” she said. that doesn’t belong to them. The money is going to be in a trust for my nephew until he reaches a certain age.” “They didn’t care about the child or make efforts to find him. I searched for them and told them that they needed to foster a relationship with him as paternal grandparents,” she said. The woman said she didn’t open a case as the police referred her to social workers. When Daily Sun tried to speak to the great-grandparents who allegedly took the child, they were rude. All they said was that they would bring back the child at the end of this month. Gauteng Social Development spokesman Motsamai Motlhaolwa said they would investigate the matter.