The house of the Mayor's parents at Tumaole Parys in the Free state has been destroyed by a blaze during a violent community protest today, 16 January. The disgruntled residents were protesting against the long-overdue water crisis in Ngwathe local Municipality. All the roads including the R59 highway between Parys and Sasolburg were barricaded with burning tyres and stones. A certain part of Mayor's mother's house in Schoeman street Parys was set alight by a group of angry residents. The residents further torched the municipality offices and vandalised other buildings. Fezile Dabi district police spokeswoman Sergeant Sinah Mpakane said cops are investigating a case of arson. Mpakane has confirmed that four people have been arrested and charged with public violence. "The arrested protesters are not linked to the torching of the Mayor's home. We are also investigating the arson and vandalism at municipal offices," said Mpakane The residents call on the provincial government to intervene in the water crisis in Ngwathe Municipality. Dailysun had in an interview with a 46-year-old woman who asked to remain anonymous. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments "We have been struggling with water for more than seven years. The municipality used to provide tanks which is not enough. We are dreaming to see running water in our taps. We are tired of being mvoting tools. Poor service delivery is our daily bread. We have been abandoned as residents. We won't stop with our protest until national and provincial government swallow their arrogance and come down to us," said 46 residents of Parys Ngwathe Municipality executive Mayor Victoria de Beer Mthombeni and Municipality Spokesman Steve Naale was never reached for comment. Premier Sisi Ntombela has called for calm following raging protests in Kroonstad and Parys. Ntombela has confirmed resistance grievances include the Provision of quality water, Youth empowerment, availability of sites for housing, Poor state of roads and many other challenges She said while residents have a right to protest, the rights of others must also be respected. “We are aware of the unrest currently taking place in Moqhaka and Ngwathe local municipalities respectively. Sadly, these protests have taken a violent turn and resulted in property, including the home of the Executive Mayor being set alight. Our people enjoy and are protected by certain rights, such as the right to Peacefully protest. However, these rights should not be abused and impede on the rights of others. Much as we appreciate and understand their frustration, nothing can ever justify Incinerating somebody else’s property. Such actions, often the work of criminal elements with selfish interests, divert attention from the community’s genuine needs. We, therefore, urge our people to disassociate themselves from those criminals and also call on the police to act with the necessary urgency to bring those responsible for the mayhem to book," said Ntombela