UNITED Democratic Movement (UDM) leader Bantu Holomisa has said the government needs to be reminded it has a constitutional obligation to provide vulnerable people with adequate and reliable energy. Speaking to the SABC on Tuesday, 17 January, Holomisa said people are tired of daily load shedding that has negatively affected their lives. “South African of all persuasions are looking for uninterrupted electricity supply,” he said. UDM and other political parties, including the Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) and non-profit organisations, have written a letter of demand to Eskom and the government to make an undertaking, among others, that there will be no load shedding without procedural fairness and a fair opportunity to make alternative arrangements to affected persons and businesses. They further demand that load shedding stops with immediate effect, and if not, a full explanation about why the government is unable to stop load shedding with immediate effect. Holomisa said the group agreed there is a need to approach the government and remind it that it has been given a mandate to improve the lives of South Africans. He said the state must be reminded of its constitutional obligation to citizens. CABLE thieves, who normally target Eskom and Metrorail cables, have now started terrorising kasi residents. More than 15 households in block 6 of Philippi, Cape Town, woke up on the morning of Sunday, 15 January without power and found the cables connecting their shacks to the electricity box had been stolen.  “It has not taken any reasonable measures to provide vulnerable people with adequate and reliable energy,” he said. The lawyer representing the group, Siphile Buthelezi, said they were approached by different organisations from all nine provinces to assist them to make the government accountable and transparent as what is happening with power generation in South Africa. He said in their letter to Eskom, they stated that government is obliged to deliver energy to people. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  “We also outline rights that have been violated by the state in its failure to meet its constitutional obligation. Our clients have also demanded the transparency and accountability from state setting out exact and clear plan how it is going to stop load shedding. The state has not been forthcoming as to the steps it is taking to ensure that load shedding stops with immediate effect and what would be done in future to ensure businesses don’t lose out due to load shedding,” said Buthelezi.