THE Department of Correctional Services (DCS) has sent a harsh warning to unruly prisoners who won’t obey the rules. This comes after officials had to restore order at the Boksburg Correctional Services Centre in Ekurhuleni. On Monday, 2 January, a group of inmates became unruly and barricaded a sectional gate during a search operation. The department’s spokesman, Singabakho Nxumalo, said the incident was in retaliation to a mandatory searching operation conducted by the department’s National Task Team as part of its Festive Season Security Operation. He said they will never hesitate to act with vigour to ensure that they don’t move away from the core mandate of corrections. “Inmates trying to undermine the authority of the state know fully of the consequences and DCS will never compromise the safety and security of other inmates, officials, members of the community and service providers,” he said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  Nxumalo said the sneaking in of cellphones and other contraband is a grave concern for the department and these have to be removed from their facilities. He said some of the images circulating on social media platforms coming from inmates make a mockery of the correctional system.   “This is a clear indication that the few unruly inmates who sought to prevent the searching exercise knew fully that they were hiding contraband in their cells,” he said. Nxumalo also praised correctional services officials for conducting themselves in an orderly manner even though they were provoked by some of the inmates. He said those involved will be identified and measures will be taken against them.  “We remain committed to incarcerate inmates in a humane and secure environment. But we will never tolerate the undermining of the Correctional Services Act by unruly inmates hell-bent on continuing to unleash terror on communities and officials through acts of crime, even when they are under lawful custody,” said Nxumalo. Nxumalo
said the operating procedures were fully adhered to in the Boksburg
Correctional facility following an unrest. He
said they are aware and has seen the comical acts by inmates captured through
illegal cell phones in an attempt to divert attention from deviant behaviour. "We
will remove these contrabands without fear, and discipline those who possess
and smuggle them to our facilities," he said. He
added that the perpetrators have identified themselves through social media
platforms and their action will assist in terms of the disciplinary processes. "A
full scale investigation will be launched and the Festive Season Security
Operation shall continue as per the schedule," he said. 