‘Tis the season to ring in the new year in style. The summertime is for family, good food, good vibes, and good brews – and where better to do it than across many bustling local urban hotspots across SA? Coming together for the collaboration of the season – 4th Street Wines is joining with Urban mainstream outlets; across the nation to add a fashion-forward and youthful edge in the aim to “level up” their spaces – called Access Awesome. Bringing local artists on board, the brand wants to help bars and taverns across the country increase their buzz worthiness with vibrant and eye-catching mural art designs that will dress up their outer walls. These bright and bubbly revived spots will be powered as wifi hotspots – keeping you connected and helping you capture your memories and save on data this JanuWorry with ease. Whether you’re looking for cute new date spaces or a new place to hang and kick back with your friends this summer – these revamped locations aim to offer safe and exciting spaces to responsibly celebrate festive while being treated to new street art and free wifi. And, of course, you get more trendy locations to enjoy the tasty cocktails made by 4th Street Wines – especially their tropical and tasty High Rise Chillas cocktail! RECIPE:High-Rise Chilla – the cocktail of the summer One of the must-visit amplified hotspots is in Dimbaza in the Eastern Cape. Revamped with a colourful and zesty mural that livens up the outside of the establishment, powered by wifi and Chillas to keep you cool in the Mzansi heat – making it an ideal hang-out spot to catch up, refresh, and stay reconnect. These locations double as an ideal photo op for photographers wanting to practice with some colourful backdrops or just to share pictures of new and exciting street art. What better way to wait for your uber or lift to your next location safely than with some friends, free wifi to track your driver, and refreshing and fruity summer cocktails to keep you company? Keep an eye out on social media - 4th Street Wines’ Access Awesome is offering loyal followers on Instagram the chance to win airtime vouchers worth R50 on WIFI WEDNESDAYS. Find out how you can get your hands on one by checking out their Instagram and staying connected at their levelled-up hotspots across the nation. A post shared by 4th STREET (@4thstreetwine) 