GOING, going, and now finally Mpho Phalatse is gone as mayor of Joburg. For the third time, Joburg Mayor Mpho Phalatse has been removed from office. During a motion of no confidence vote on 26 January, 140 councillors voted in favour of her ousting while 129 voted against it. Phalatse looked unfazed by her removal. She smiled and clapped hands amid chants of “ga a tsamaye” from opposition parties. The no-confidence motion was brought by the African Transformation Movement, African Independent Congress and Al Jama-Ah, accusing her of failing to deliver services to residents. Earlier, Phalatse delivered what has now become her last speech as mayor. She promised residents that by 2026, the city will have electricity in their houses and investors will flock in to do business. Phalatse said in the last few months, there has been challenges to service delivery as politicians wrestled for the city’s control. “In the process, the biggest losers have been the six million residents of Joburg. “They watched as politicians squabbled for power at their expense,” she said. Phalatse said that when she was removed last year, the rule of law prevailed when the courts reinstated her. She was voted out in September through a motion of no confidence and was replaced with the ANC’s Dada Morero. Yesterday’s motion is the third she has faced since she came to power in November 2021. Phalatse told the council they couldn’t afford to spend time squabbling while the people of Joburg did not have services. She said residents took a decision in 2021 to vote out the ANC for a coalition government. You must be SIGNED IN to comment! “They voted to free themselves from the liberators who subjected them to conditions of squalor, unemployment and poverty,” she said. Phalatse said it was up to the councillors to spit in the face of residents and reinstate the corrupt ANC-led government. As Phalatse ended her speech, some councillors chanted “awubuyi, akabuyi” and indeed, she did not survive the vote. It remains to be seen if she’ll go the legal route like in the past.