SINGER TNS thought the crashing sound that he heard was of a giant stone that had hit his car’s windscreen. But it was dark and late so he didn’t stop to investigate, deciding to drive straight home instead. IT WAS NOT UNTIL THE NEXT MORNING THAT HE REALISED HE HAD DODGED A DEADLY BULLET! Now Nkazimulo “TNS” Ngema (22) is living in fear after the terrifying incident that left his car damaged. It happened on New Year’s Eve at KwaMashu in Durban, KZN. ALSO READ | TNS GIVES HIS DESIGNER CLOTHES TO THE HOMELESS! “I was driving home when I heard a loud sound that sounded like a gunshot or a big stone hitting my windscreen,” he said. “I noticed the damage, but decided not to stop because it was at night. “Also, I wasn’t sure what would happen if I stopped in the middle of the road.” He said he only realised the following morning that it really was a gunshot. “In the morning, I inspected the car and that’s when I found the bullet on the windscreen. “I think the bullet was fired from the left hand side of the car to the right side,” he said. “Fortunately, it didn’t go all the way through the windscreen but it certainly damaged it.” He suspects that someone is trying to kill him. “A part of me wants to believe that it was a stray bullet. “But when I consider the incidents and attacks against me, I am convinced that someone is following me. “I believe that someone is trying to kill me,” he said. “I’ve been receiving death threats for some time now. “These death threats are made through anonymous phone calls or text messages.” He said he knows who the callers are. “But for now, I won’t expose them. “I don’t have enough proof and I might jeopardise my plans. “I’m disappointed that my own colleagues in the industry have resorted to this,” he said. He said there was an underground fight between him and other KZN artists. “For now, all I can say is that we are jealous of each other. “A few individuals within the industry want to take control of KZN. “If you don’t subscribe to their way of doing things, they either push you out or even kill you. I think I’m being punished for doing my own thing,” he said. “I haven’t opened a case yet but after this shooting incident, I will be opening one. “I will also inform my security team.” You must be SIGNED IN to read comments 