SOON after becoming aware of the video, Limpopo police commissioner Lieutenant-General Thembi Hadebe ordered the Family Violence, Child Protection and Sexual Offences Unit to conduct an immediate probe into the incident. A video clip that has gone viral on social media shows the police constable having sex with her son, who was then 12 years old. Daily Sun published the story on 25 January. Hadebe said a case of rape of a minor child with additional charges of creating and distributing child pornographic material and sexual grooming of a child was opened on 20 January, and the suspect was arrested on the same day. “The internal police processes have kicked in following her arrest and will run parallel with the criminal investigation that has been taken over by the Ipid,” said Hadebe. She said the child has been moved to a place of safety where he will be given psychological treatment and assistance. The suspect, aged 40, appeared in the Marble Hall Magistrates Court last Monday, 23 January. ., and was remanded in custody until today 30, January. She said the identity of the woman can’t be divulged to protect the child. Ipid spokeswoman Lizzy Suping said they’ve launched an investigation. of the police woman. She said the cop will appear again in the Siyabuswa Magistrates Court today, 30 January, for bail application. “Ipid will oppose bail. The child is undergoing counselling.” Dr Shaheda Omar, director of the Teddy Bear Foundation for Abused Children, said failure to report sexual abuse of a child is a criminal offence. “It has to be reported to the police so the child can be removed and protected from further trauma, even if the perpetrator is a police officer,” she said. You must be SIGNED IN to comment! Omar said that sharing of this video may also constitute child pornography. Tshepi Mmekwa, co-ordinator for Action Society, said:  they would like to contact the family of the boy and conduct a full investigation.“We want to ensure that the child gets the help he needs.”in dealing with this trauma because clearly it’s not the first time he is being abused,” said Mmekwa