ALTHOUGH schools have officially opened, the gates at Zamazama Primary School are still locked. This is because parents at the school in uMhlabuyalingana, northern KZN, want the department to remove the principal, who they claim has put their kids’ lives in danger. They claim the principal, who is also the local municipality’s deputy mayor and a National Freedom Party (NFP) member, arrived at school with armed bodyguards. Parents said the principal is struggling to balance her two jobs, and the school isn’t being managed properly. A number of SGB members have resigned as they apparently find it difficult to work with the principal. A concerned parent told Daily Sun that they felt their children were not safe as they would be in the firing line if the principal was attacked at school. “The principal is always surrounded by bodyguards, which puts everyone’s lives in danger as politicians get attacked at any time and anywhere,” said the parent. You must be SIGNED IN to comment! “We have closed the school so that the department deals with our grievances immediately.” Community leader Senzo Mkhumbuzi said he was aware of the issue. “We have called a meeting to find out what is happening. “We saw notices all over the village instructing parents not to send their children to school until the matter is resolved,” he said. SGB chairman Mjay Mkhabela confirmed the school had not opened due to parents’ unresolved grievances. “I’ve heard some of the grievances, but I can’t go into detail because we are still having a meeting with officials from the department,” he said. The education department did not reply to any questions sent on an inquiry. Instead, spokesman Muzi Mahlambi said: “All schools in the province opened on Wednesday except this one that the parents themselves have decided to lock the school.” NFP spokesman Cannan Mdletshe said if the allegations were true, they will be very disappointed because school should be a safety environment for everyone. “We are going to engage with her because if it is true that she comes to school with her protectors, then that is a problem and as a party, we are against that,” Mdletshe told the People’s Paper.