PRINCE Simakade Zulu’s backers say the recognition certificate handover to King Misuzulu means nothing to them, and it can be legally revoked. They said this during a media briefing held at Prime Hotel in Durban as they gave update about their progress in the legal battle to dethrone the Zulu king. Their matter is expected to be heard in the North Gauteng High Court from 31 May to 2 June. They said people should know that the recognition certificate was not the end of the road for them, but it was the beginning of the road. Prince Thokozani Zulu, who was the first person to dispute the kingship of his brother, said in South Africa there are eight disputes relating to the kingship. “The president has lost the majority of court cases where he was challenged for recognising a wrong successor and we have high hopes that he will also lose the Zulu throne dispute. I can mention the Venda kingship dispute, the Mpondo kingship dispute as examples. I can say that it is not true that the president’s decision is final. It can be challenged,” he said. Prince Thokozani said the kingship certificate can be easily revoked if its issuing didn’t follow the correct cultural protocols.  “We were forced to run to court as king Simakade and the Zulu royal house understood that the internal remedies were exhausted. Now we are challenging the president’s decision to recognise prince Misuzulu to court as he didn’t follow procedure and ignored the mediation panel he assigned to resolve the dispute” he said. Prince Thokozani said they are also challenging the meeting held at Kwakhangemankengane on 14 May that appointed King Misuzulu. “That meeting was called, saying it was to be held for making peace. That meeting was not legit because it was called by the Zulu monarch traditional prime minister, who has no authority to do so as he should take orders from the family. The law says the family must have the meeting to choose the successor, the one who called the meeting must be authorised. That was the public meeting because there were many people who were not from the royal house” he said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Prince Simakade’s spokesman Prince Mandlakapheli Zulu told Daily Sun: “We agree that many people understood us when the poster asking for donation for legal fees appeared. The donation is needed because this case is not for king Simakade only, but for the nation as well. The legal fees have escalated to almost R2 million and we are asking the public to continue to donate,” he said.