BOMIKAZI Dasi from Khayelitsha, Western Cape, has spoken from beyond the grave in order to send her boyfriend’s killer to jail. Dasi witnessed Makhuze Bungane’s brutal killing in 2018, and made a statement telling the police who killed him. And when she died before trial, the Western Cape High Court admitted her statement as evidence. Makhi Kapa was subsequently convicted for Bungane’s murder and sentenced to 15 years in prison. But Kapa brought an appeal application to the Constitutional Court. He said admissibility of the dead woman’s statement meant that he did not have a fair trial because the evidence was hearsay, and he could not cross-examine her. The majority judgment written by Justice Steven Majiedt on Tuesday, 24 January, ruled that it was right to allow Dasi to speak from the grave. “This court concludes that it was in the interests of justice for the High Court to admit Dasi’s statement,” said Majiedt. The judge said Dasi had an interest in her boyfriend’s killers being brought to book, which in principle adversely affects the reliability of her evidence. He said it must be viewed in the context of seeking justice for a loved one. “There is nothing untoward in seeking justice in those circumstances. Indeed it is to be expected. “Furthermore, there is corroboration of her evidence.” Bungane was beaten up in Kapa’s home with a golf club after being accused of stealing a car’s music system. Dasi was also assaulted. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments The minority judgment, written by Justice Thokozile Mbatha, found that the deceased should not have been admitted. However, Majiedt said the statement was reliable and sufficiently corroborated by the circumstantial evidence. He said the murder was an extraordinary event for Dasi, and of considerable importance to her. “This would have impressed upon her the importance of noting who did what, and to whom, at the scene. “The conviction is sound in law, and the appeal against conviction ought to be dismissed,” said Majiedt.