A BUS was set torched in Hout Bay, Western Cape, on Wednesday, 11 January. The incident is suspected to be related to taxi violence. Safety and Security MMC Jean-Pierre Smith said Amaphela drivers were behind the attack as they were responding to law enforcement actions in the area. The violent protest was triggered after the city operation that saw some of them fined and their vehicles impounded. “The protest comes as a result of earlier enforcement action against illegal ‘Amaphela’ drivers operating in the area. Such incidents of civil terrorism will not be tolerated. The city clearly expressed its position on the matter previously, both in Nyanga and Philippi, where similar cowardly attacks were met with large-scale, stringent area enforcement,” said Smith. An Amaphela owner told the SunTeam that they were unhappy with traffic cops coming after them while they were trying to fight January blues. He said they had just come back on the road, but officers were already impounding their vehicles and issuing heavy fines. “We are working for our families. We are not waiting for hand-outs from the government. But the same government is oppressing our businesses. When it tries to take our bread, we will fight back,” he said.  One of the Hout Bay Taxi Association leaders, Lulama Vini, said he was not aware of the incident. Commuter Elvis Mandikwaza (53) said when the chaos started, their lives became hell. “It is hard because we struggle to go to work. Kids are going back to school, so it becomes difficult if this protest goes on,” he said. Smith said they had scaled up law enforcement activities in the area. “I have called upon the directorate to focus all available resources on wide-scale enforcement over the area, more than just the one related to the public transport industry but also other avenues of enforcement. This must continue until those guilty of these cowardly attacks are surrendered by their community to SAPS, where they can be held accountable,” said Smith. Meanwhile the city is investigating another incident, whereby another MyCiti bus caught fire on the N2 on Monday. Police spokesman Captain Frederick Van Wyk confirmed the incident.  “Hout Bay police opened a public violence case after a bus was set alight last night Wednesday, 11 January in Victoria Road, Hout Bay. No one was injured. “According to reports Traffic officials of the City of Cape Town were busy with operations against taxi drivers operating without a route permit in Victoria Road, Hout Bay. Three taxis was impounded. One person was arrested for failing to comply with a lawful instruction of a law enforcement officer and assault on a law enforcement official. The other drivers then turn on to a MyCiti Bus stoned the vehicle and set it alight,” said Van Wyk.