The African National Congress (ANC) has officially concluded
its 55th National Elective Conference. After a long day, of endless discussions and deliberations,
by over 3000 members of the ANC in a closed hybrid session on Thursday, 5
January, the conference was concluded with several affirmations by the party
members. The ANC Secretary General (SG) Fikile Mbalula said the newly
elected National Executive must act with demonstrable urgency in addressing the
shortcomings, setback, and reversals that threatens to undermine and erode the
democratic gains. “This includes chronic poor economic performance and resultant
high rate of unemployment, poverty and inequalities, rising lawlessness,
criminality and violence,” he said. He said the ANC-led government must move decisively to
implement conference resolutions to end load-shedding and stabilise
electricity. He said priority must be given to speeding up the
resolutions of energy crises, in particular undertaking critical maintenance at
Eskom so they can return existing generation capacity to reliable service. Speaking on the matters affecting the ANC, Mbalula said they
must develop strong branches that monitor local services to prevent corruption
and poor service delivery.  He said they believe that central to the renewal agenda is
the quality of the membership. “In this regard, we declare that we will strengthen the
program of building the New Cadre over the next five years. We equally reaffirm
the importance of compulsory introduction and political schools for all
leadership collectives and public representatives,” he said. Meanwhile, former Gauteng Premier David Makhura gave
feedback on the strategy and tactics report and the resolution. Makhura said the conference has agreed that coalitions are
an important part of their tactics, not strategy.  He said they will work with those parties who agree with
them on a range of issues. “The ANC wants more stability in coalitions and would
consider such legislation. We are not going to chase any coalition partner just
to be in government." The party will not enter coalitions with right-wing
partners,” he said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  Makhura also added that the ANC has arrived at a conclusion
at the conference that gains have been made and has also have been setbacks. "There are issues that threaten our Constitutional
democracy. We have chronic poor performance of our economy,” he said.