GAUTENG Premier Panyaza Lesufi’s gesture has left a news anchor offended. In a video clip, Lesufi can be seen shaking hands with school girls before giving them sanitary pads. The video clip was captioned: “Handing over of dignity packs by Premier @Lesufi to girl learners at Mapenane Secondary School. The initiative by the @gpgSocDev will continue on a monthly basis, benefiting grade 11 and 12 girls.” But the staging of this gesture has offended former SAfm newsreader Nomsa Mdhuli. She took to Twitter and wrote: “Parading young women on stage while handing them sanitary pads? Premier @Lesufi this is a violation of their dignity and privacy.” ALSO READ : SIU freezes properties linked to kwaito star Arthur! Twitter users were also angry at Lesufi as they took turns bashing him. Maggs Naidu wrote: “There no dignity in being paraded receiving dignity packs. It’s humiliating... @lesufi is a shameless power monger.” Chris Namune said: “So from chief of staff to spokesperson to all support staff, no one said ‘Guys, wait. This is not a good look?’. LIKE, NOT EVEN A SINGLE PERSON?” Tony Kadimeng commented: “There is no dignity here, honestly. Why can’t you just get the girls to collect this from a dedicated office rather than parading them in public? This is a sensitive matter and should be dealt with dignity.” Khaya Sithole said: “I am dribbled by the sheer irony of it all.” You must be SIGNED IN to read comments In an attempt to calm Twitter users, The Department of Education in Gauteng apologised to Lesufi and the public. The statement reads: “The Gauteng Department of Education wishes to extend its sincerest apologies to Gauteng Premier Panyaza Lesufi and the broader society for the misunderstanding that took place on 11 January during the launch of Mapenane Secondary School in Ga-Rankuwa where there was an unfortunate perception of girl learners being paraded while they were receiving dignity packs.” “The girl learners that were seen on stage with the premier are NOT the beneficiaries, but we’re instead representatives of learners who will be receiving and benefitting from these dignity packs. When the premier was invited to the event, the handing over of dignity packs was not on the programme. Therefore the premier was not scheduled to participate in the handover of said dignity packs. We apologise for the misconception that this gesture caused.” Parading young women on stage while handing them sanitary pads??? Premier @Lesufi this is a violation of their dignity and privacy... https://t.co/LjsJGgqYoJ 