THE passing of kwaito star Emmanuel “Mjokes” Matsane not only shattered his family, but his fans and industry colleagues as well. Mjokes was part of the kwaito group Trompies, which was signed to Kalawa Jazmee Records. The label said his estate belongs to his family and beneficiaries. They said this after a publication claimed that Mjokes’ estate was in arrears. Producer and Kalawa co-founder, DJ Oskido, reached out to Daily Sun with a statement confirming that no one will take what belongs to the late singer. “Mjokes’ passing has been hard and we as his colleagues and friends at Kalawa Jazmee are still reeling from the loss. It is in honour of our journey with him that we have made sure we are supportive of his family during these difficult times, including meeting our obligations when it comes to what is due to his estate.” ALSO READ : Uthando Nesthembu drama and more! They said they were aware of what was published regarding Mjokes’ estate. In the article, the problem allegedly started after the singer passed away in 2021 and his wife, Mamello “Lami” Mogane, has been struggling with rental payments. “It is unfortunate that this matter has come out this way and has necessitated that we respond to show the answers the publication omitted after they were supplied to them,” read the statement. The record label said they have made all the payments regarding the estate. “We have paid a significant amount of the estate and any disbursement are the responsibility of the estate as authorised by the executor and the master of the High Court. Kalawa’s responsibility is to co-operate with the estate in the process and pay any amounts that are due to the estate which we have done. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “Any further amounts that are subject to valuation processes are underway. These processes will take time,” read the statement. The label said it hoped for a better and positive outcome regarding this matter. “We are required to adhere to the law and follow the processes that govern the winding up of the estate. “We are sympathetic to Lami’s position and all Mjokes’ beneficiaries,” they said. When Daily Sun contacted Lami, she said her life hasn’t been the same since her husband’s funeral. “I have been through a lot as things are not going well for me. I am in debt as we speak,” she said. Lami said she hopes to get her life together and she will be happy to get help. “I have lost almost everything I had with my husband. We were trying to build our new house at Savannah Hills Estate, but we couldn’t finish it as he passed away during the process of getting it done,” she said. Lami said she will wait for the outcome as she can’t even pay for anything and their kids need to go back to school.