SHEBA, the tiger that went home to eat and vanish again, was reportedly killed in the early hours of today, 18 January, while entering a farm with six dwellings in the Midvaal. The tiger initially escaped from its enclosure on Friday, 13 January, and started roaming around the Midvaal. Sources from the search team told Daily Sun that Sheba was heavily pregnant. According to the sources, she escaped from a small cage to go and find a suitable place to give birth. Authorities couldn’t locate her hiding place for some time. On Tuesday afternoon, 17 January, authorities issued a statement that the tiger was spotted and food was placed for it so that it could be captured. But the tiger came back to eat and vanished again. One of the people who works for the owner of the tiger told the SunTeam that his employer breeds different wild animals. He explained that they are the ones who feed and take care of the animals as the employer stays in another house in the Free State. Community Policing Forum leader Gresham Mandy told the People’s Paper that the tiger was eventually shot in the early hours of today. This is after the tiger attacked and killed a domestic animal on a farm. ALSO READ: Are you looking for a new smartphone? Mandy said after attacking the animal, the tiger moved to a more densely populated area on the farm and this made it difficult for it to be captured. The animal was eventually shot dead as it posed a risk to the lives of people and animals. According to Mandy, the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (SPCA) was not present when Sheba was shot dead. Mandy explained that the SPCA was only alerted after the tiger was put down. Gauteng police spokeswoman Colonel Dimakatso Sello said the police did not shoot or give permission for the tiger to be shot. The spokesperson for the SPCA, Maggie Mudd, said if an animal is roaming around the streets and biting people, the SAPS must be called and a case should be opened. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “This is according to the Animals Amendment Act,” she said. Mudd said in a case of a stray dog, the animal should be captured and kept safe. “The people can then call their nearest SPCA. The owner will be given enough time to come and collect the dog. If that doesn’t happen, the animal will be put up for adoption.”