THE ongoing scourge of gender-based violence and the rape of women and children worries King Misuzulu. He called on the nation to rise up and fight to end this new norm as it tarnished the image of the nation in the eyes of the world. He said no nation would take Mzansi seriously if it couldn’t even protect its own women and children. The king revealed that he was unsettled by the recent killing and dumping of a child in KwaDukuza. Philasande Shange (7) from Ntshwawini near Stanger, northern KZN, went missing from his home a few weeks back and after days of intense searching by his family, his family received SMSes from an unknown number detailing where they would find his remains. In one of the SMSes, they were told that some of his body parts would be sold in Mozambique. This incident happened days after residents were still shocked after a man allegedly bludgeoned his fiancee with a two-pound hammer in Bergville, KZN. The latest incident happened in Ladysmith, KZN where a man allegedly molested his 14-year-old boy cousin because he wanted to correct his sexuality as he was allegedly gay. King Misuzulu, who was voicing his concern during his great-grandfather King Cetshwayo’s annual memorial lecture on Friday, which was held at the Richards Bay Complex, northern KZN, said it was painful to turn on the TV and see there was another child or woman that had been either killed, mutilated or raped. “This is bad and because most of the perpetrators are men, how will other nations respect us if we continue doing this? I call on each and every one of you to stand up and fight this as it is getting out of hand,” he said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments He said their role as men was to protect women and children, and fight battles. “This is not our culture and let us not let this dominate our image. We must fight to not let this dominate our beautiful history and rich culture,” he said. The king said as long as this continued, he would keep engaging everyone about this matter until everyone stood and fought to end this scourge.