NEW Leeds United signing Max Wober spoke exclusively to LUTV after signing for the Whites. The 24-year-old has penned a four-and-a-half year deal at Elland Road, running until the summer of 2027. The Austrian international has joined from Red Bull Salzburg for an undisclosed fee and can’t wait to get going in West Yorkshire. “It’s a massive challenge for me,” said Wober. “I’ve already seen a lot, I’ve played for Ajax and Sevilla along with three-and-a-half years with Salzburg. “Coming now to Leeds, a club with such a big history and tradition, is definitely something special and was always a dream for me growing up. arriving at Elland Road feels amazing. “Some of my biggest strengths are my personality and character. I’m never going to give up on the pitch. I will leave it all out there. it doesn’t matter what score it is or if we are winning or losing, I’ll give everything for this badge. Wober has vowed to double his effort to get into the team. “I have to work hard to get into the team and play well to get accepted in the dressing room and try to grow with every opportunity I get. “I will play wherever the team needs me. It doesn’t matter if it is left-back, centre-back or as a number six, I’m fine with everything and will give my best. “I’m experienced at playing as a left-back and I really like it, especially being more offensive.” Wober will also link up with a number of former teammates at Leeds, and he believes that will be a positive as he adapts to life in the Premier League. He said: “I’ve spoken to Rasmus Kristensen. He asked if I was following him again after spending time together at Ajax and Salzburg. We were neighbours at our old clubs and now we will be neighbours again. “One of the most difficult parts about coming to a new club is feeling comfortable and settled and it is always easy when you have connecting points. I know what Jesse Marsch wants and having played with Brenden Aaronson and Rasmus will help me get connected to the team quicker.” – REUTERS