SIHLE Zikalala, the former KZN premier who is now MEC for Co-operative Governance and Traditional Affairs, has been redeployed to the National Assembly by the ANC. Zikalala is expected to take a national position when President Cyril Ramaphosa reshuffles his cabinet any time from now. The ANC has informed KZN Premier Nomusa Dube-Ncube that Zikalala will resign as the MEC for Cogta. KZN ANC provincial secretary Bheki Mtolo said the KZN ANC has discussed and accepted the resignation of Zikalala. “The KZN ANC wishes to announce that it has discussed and accepted the resignation of comrade Sihle Zikalala. “This follows the redeployment to the National Assembly by the ANC Luthuli House. He will accordingly resign as the MEC for Co-operative Government and Traditional Affairs following this redeployment,” he said. Mtolo said they have informed Dube-Ncube to process the resignation through formal processes. “Undoubtedly, this resignation has necessitated the reconfiguration of the provincial executive committee. The premier will introduce the new MEC, once the ANC has finalised its deployment process and completed consultations with structures of the ANC. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “The ANC salutes Sihle Zikalala for serving the organisation and the people of this province with distinction. Many comrades and the people of this province will attest to his commitment as he carried out his responsibilities as deployed by the ANC,” he said. Mtolo added that they are confident that his deployment will sustain and accelerate the agenda of the national democratic revolution. Zikalala served KZN as the premier from 2019 and resigned last year after he was defeated by Siboniso Duma as the province’s chairman at the ANC KZN conference held at the Olive Convention Centre. After his resignation as the premier, new Premier Nomusa Dube-Ncube appointed him as Cogta MEC. Before he became a premier, Zikalala was the MEC for Economic Development, Tourism and Environmental Affairs.