DR MALINGA has had it with Makhadzi after she allegedly disrespected him after a show. He claimed on Facebook that he was treated badly and she used his name to bump up attendance at the show. “STOP USING PEOPLE FOR YOUR OWN BENEFIT. GOD IS WATCHING YOU!” HE WARNED. Makhadzi (26), whose real name is Ndivhudzannyi Ralivhona, booked Goodwill “Dr Malinga” Malinga (42) for an event held at Makhuvha Stadium on 1 October. But now Dr Malinga is claiming he was not treated well at the show. That’s when he took to Facebook, warning her that God was watching her. He ended the post with: “Thanks, bye.”  But people defended Makhadzi and said she actually helped him during hard times. Dr Malinga hit back and said: “Guys, you never asked me what happened when I was booked at Makhadzi, One Woman Show. Please ask I will tell you.” Makhadzi responded to Malinga’s allegations via Facebook. She wrote: “My brother, I respect you. Besides being a musician, you are a father and a husband to your wife. I don’t know if this is a PR stunt or what because you have my number.”  The singer from Limpopo further said that if he was talking about the show he was the first person to be booked. Makhadzi said she made sure that she took money from her own pocket to pay Dr Malinga. The Khokhova hitmaker said her team didn’t want her to add more people to her line-up and she did this out of the goodness of her heart. Dr Malinga told Daily Sun that there was no agreement in place.  “I know Makhadzi and from time to time we’d talk. But towards the end of last year she announced on social media that she was looking for me,” he said. “I was surprised because she and her team have my number. But I just carried on with my life.” He said when she finally contacted him and asked her to be part of her show, he agreed. “I agreed that I wouldn’t charge her for the gig. I did not bill her because I treat her as my sister. So we agreed that she’d give me whatever amount she felt reasonable, so she gave me R35 000,” he said. ALSO READ | Miss SA Ndavi makes Mzansi proud! On the day of the event he travelled to Venda. “My problems started after my performance. She treated me like a nobody. She was no longer talking to me. I wasn’t necessarily looking for her attention but I needed details for my accommodation. I later realised that she didn’t book accommodation for me. She couldn’t even give me food,” he fumed. He said he tried to go to the VVIP marquee but he was not allowed to go inside. “So I am angry with her. I exposed her so people can see who she really is,” said Malinga. Daily Sun contacted Makhadzi but she did not answer her phone. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  WhatsApp messages were sent to her but she had not responded at the time of going to print. Advocate Nkateko Maluleke from Open Mic also refused to comment. “We cannot comment on this because it’s a personal matter,” he said. 