GOLFERS are set for a photo finish when they take part in the 12- man, 2022 final shoot out. The golfers, all members of the Tembisa Golf Club, will tee off at Germiston Country Club on Saturday, 21 January. The club created the Tembisa Express Cup, known as the Tebex Cup, in 2022. Benjy Monyanyedi, organising secretary of the club, said the event, similar to the American Fedex Cup, attracted more than 300 golfers throughout last year. He said this has been one of the most popular golfing township events of the 21st century. The games have always featured at least 48 golfers. “We have also attracted participants from surrounding areas like Ekurhuleni,” said Monyanyedi. Throughout the year, there have been many leaders with Mohera Boshomane being a front-runner, but Leagile Magasa has proved too strong for the field and unless something dramatic happens at the final 12-man shoot out, he already has his hands on the trophy. Magasa from Kempton Park, who plays off 12 handicap, said: “Tomorrow is the day when men will be separated from boys. It has been a long and thrilling journey since we started playing in May last year. “To win one needs to play well consistently throughout the year, on Saturday it will all pay off as I look forward to winning the championship.” You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  Boshomane, who plays off 13 handicap and is in fourth position, said the title is open to any of the top four golfers. He said: “I’m looking forward to play and it will be a tight competition. However, I believe if the leader Magasa makes errors we can catch him. “The title is open and come Saturday there will be a winner,” he said. Magasa is leading the back, Bongani Maseko is in second position, Tinase Nyika is third and Boshomane is in fourth place. However, Monyanyedi said there are two dark horse golfers, Andries Maenetja and Stephen Mbewe, who can rise to the occasion and spring some surprises. The Tebex Cup 2022 final will mark the closing of the 2022 programme and set the tone for 2023.