In
North West, there were 36 new born babies of which 6 of them were from
Klerksdorp Hospital and warmly welcomed by the Health department MEC Madoda
Sambatha. Bonita
Vos was the first mother to gave birth to her daughter around 02:08 weighing
3.4kg. And the second girl was born at 03:57 by the mother, Ntombizandile
Dlamini weighing 3kg, followed by Anelisiwe Dalindyebo who gave birth at 04:35
also weighing 3kg girl. The fourth girl was born at 05:33 from the mother,
Rosinah Lekoko weighing 3,2kg, the fifth mother, Catherine Masora gave birth to
a girl at around 07:47 weighing 2,9kg and the lastly an only boy was born at
08:00 weighing 3,1kg. MEC
Sambatha congratulated all mothers who gave birth on New Year and also nurses
who assisted, whilst gave newborn babies gifts. Sambatha thanked nurses for
working successfully, so that mothers can be ready to go back home quickly or
the following day after a successful work.  In Mpumalanga, Shadow Malibe was the first person to deliver a bouncing baby boy
at the Mapulaneng Hospital. The
23-year-old from Bushbuckridge was admitted in hospital on Friday, 30 December
and only delivered her baby on Sunday, 01 January. She told Daily Sun that she
was happy to have finally delivered her baby although it was not an easy
thing. "I
am happy that I was able to deliver a healthy baby. I now have another part of
my life," she said  ALSO READ: PICS: Bundles of festive joy By
10H00 42 babies were born in different hospitals in the province. Twenty four
of the babies are males and eighteen are females. Health MEC, Sasekani Manzini
has congratulated all the mothers and further urged them to get their children
vaccinated. "We
want to congratulate all the mothers, so far as a province we have delivered 42
babies which of 24 are males and 18 are females. Here where we are only one
mother delivered a baby this morning, she delivered a big healthy male
baby. We
want to congratulate them and also urge them to take their children to the
primary health care so that they get vaccinated. Currently we have an outbreak
of measles, so we want to request all the mothers to take their children for
vaccination, "she said She
further raised concerns about teenagers giving birth. At least five teenagers
mothers have delivered babies this morning. "
We are still saying to the communities  let's work together in educating
our children and also as a department we are doing our part in terms of
awareness campaigns, visiting schools, areas and  making sure that we talk
to our teenagers to focus on school and not on adult things at an early age. We
are going to continue with the program so that we work together with them,
"she said 