THE ANC is set to continue with its preferred venue to host its 111th anniversary celebration, even after being flagged as non-compliant. The party is expected to host its celebration at Dr Petrus Molemela Stadium in Bloemfontein, Free State on Sunday, 8 January. But according to a letter dated 21 December, written to the party by the Mangaung Metro Municipality, the stadium has several infrastructure issues, and the city cannot afford to put helpful measures in time for the ANC anniversary celebration. The letter, written by the city’s acting manager Tebogo Motlashuping stated that, they seek to advise the event owner on the shortfalls at Dr Rantlai Molemela Stadium in preparation for the ANC January 8 celebrations. He said the facility accommodates 15 500 people, which should include hawkers and staff. ALSO READ:Votes letter causes drama “The accommodation figures will further be reduced when the stage is erected, as that part of the stadium will be regarded as non-usable. During the assessment or inspection, shortfalls were identified which could render the stadium non-compliant,” he said. Motlashuping added that the northern part of the stadium had subsided, and they should note that although the correction report was submitted, it still needs to be referred to the structural engineer for a periodical assessment. “Toilet facilities had been vandalised, including water taps, meaning there is no running water. There is no electrical certificate, no fire safety certificate, no operational lifts and no suites for VIPs due to damage. Noting all the above, and the financial position of the municipality, it will be difficult for the municipality to implement remedial action or correction within a short period. This will prohibit the municipality from issuing a grading certificate for the event,” he said. Motlashuping recommended that the party uses the Free State Rugby Stadium as an alternative. But according to ANC spokesman Pule Mabe, the party has been given a go ahead to host its event at the stadium.  “Dr Petrus Molemela Stadium is the venue to host the January 8 celebration. All matters that were previously filed in relation to the stadium infrastructure have since been cleared,” he said. Meanwhile, the party’s newly-elected secretary general, Fikile Mbalula, has said: “The ANC has noted with concern messages circulating on social media platforms suggesting that there’s a directive from unnamed sources that government departments must fund certain aspects of its January 8th 111th Anniversary celebrations.” He said the ANC will not tolerate any person using its name under the pretext of raising funds for its activities from public funds. “Where there is any evidence of any government official purporting to divert public resources under the pretext that these are for ANC activities, decisive action will be taken against such officials. Any suggestion that the ANC is plundering public resources to fund its activities is rejected with the contempt it deserves,” he said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments