WHEN MPINTSHO passed in December, it was clear that his mum suffered without her son. Zamanguni Gumede’s health deteriorated quickly until her death on Sunday, 15 January. MAGUMEDE AND HER BELOVED SON ARE NOW REUNITED FOREVER! Mpintsho and his mum remained close despite their family’s problems and upheavals. She died at the age of 64 after a long illness. The news of MaGumede’s passing was confirmed by Mpintsho’s sister, Pinky. ALSO READ:Did Mampintsha's funeral cost R50 million? “I’m definitely not coping,” she said. “It’s a double tragedy for me. I lost two important people within three weeks.” She said things were made more difficult for them as they were not financially prepared. “As far as policies are concerned, Mpintsho took care of everything. We were still trying to get things in order but I guess time was not our side,” she said. But Mpintsho’s mother will get a dignified funeral. ICebolethu Funeral Service has offered to take care of it. Zamanguni’s body was moved from Wentworth Hospital to ICebolethu mortuary on Monday. “This has reduced the stress because we didn’t know what to do,” said Pinky. “Mpintsho constantly reminded us that he took out funeral policies. It is as if he knew what was going to happen.” Pinky said Mpintsho didn’t want his mother to be a burden to anyone. “Unfortunately, we don’t have access to those documents anymore so we were frustrated,” said Pinky. She said they still need donations to take care of other costs that are related to the funeral. She said that they have not been in contact with Babes Wodumo since Mpintsho’s funeral. “She has not contacted us and we’ve never contacted her. What complicated things were the videos she kept posting on social media sometimes even insulting the family,” said Pinky. “My mother saw all of that and it worsened her condition.” She said when they visited the mother in hospital she’d want to see her grandson, Sponge. “I feel she died with a broken heart. But she’s at peace now,” said Pinky. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “Despite making peace with MaGumede at Mpintsho’s funeral she never visited her in hospital and she never phoned her.” According to family spokeswoman Bongekile Gumede, the funeral service is likely to take place on Saturday. Marketing and communications manager for Icebolethu Funeral Service Nkosenhle Hlophe said: “We’ve started engaging with the family but we haven’t finalised anything. They still need to choose a package and decide on a number of things. For us it is too early to confirm.”  