GOING back to school to finish her matric was the best decision she ever made. Today, Slindile Cele (32) from Ndwedwe in KZN proudly holds a matric certificate and now encourages others to follow in her footsteps. Slindile, who was in the matric class of 2021, said she is patiently waiting to get enrolled at a university to study nursing. She fulfilled her dream of having a matric certificate last year when she got her certificate at the age of 31. She passed her matric with a Bachelor’s pass as she was a full-time pupil at Mzingezwi High School in Ndwedwe. The mother to a two-year-old girl told Daily Sun that she has applied at Ngoye University and the University of KZN to study nursing and she is waiting for a response. Slindile failed in 2006 and went back to school and enrolled for grade 11 in 2020. She went back to school full time, wore a uniform and sat in class with pupils much younger than her. “I was even older than some of the teachers at the school. But I told myself that I must respect them because I knew that in the end, all I wanted was my matric. So I had to focus on my goal,” she said. She said it wasn’t easy at first because some pupils laughed at her. She said another painful thing was that her uncle and his wife were against the idea of her going back to school. She decided to leave her uncle’s house and rent a room near the school. She said in 2019, she worked as a domestic worker. “I saved money so that I could pay my school fees and buy uniform. Some of my savings were for rent. So in 2020, I went back to school full time. I passed grade 11 and started my matric in 2021. “It wasn’t easy having to look after a baby and study as well. I took my baby to a creche during the day so that I could be able to go to school. I didn’t have enough money, so I used some of my child’s support grant money to help me pay rent. My baby daddy was not supportive and sometimes I would go to bed on an empty stomach. One day, I told a teacher at school about my situation and she arranged for me to get food that was cooked at school and take it home,” she said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments She said this was the most challenging time in her life. “Now I have a matric certificate. My focus now is to study to become a nurse. I would like to encourage other people who didn’t finish school to go back because they too can make it,” she said.