DAVEYTON was recently buzzing as it once again hosted the annual Imbewu Enhle Festive Season Tournament. But the tournament was not without drama. This is because apart from bragging rights, the winners also walked away with A R150 000 cash prize and a cow. And this had two clubs baying for each other’s blood. Rooi Mahamutsa, a former Orlando Pirates defender, was accused of using his professional influence to convince the referee to turn down an equalising goal. ALSO READ:PICS: Drunk man moers cops! He played for USB-18, which was leading 1-0. But Rooi denied influencing the referee. “The referee has the final word and this whole thing has nothing to do with me,” he said. Wattville United team manager, Khutso Dlamini, said they equalised, but USB-18 disputed it. “We all saw it was a clear goal. The referee indicated it was a goal,” he said. Wattville United claimed they were treated unfairly. “Some of the rules of the tournament were bent in favour of USB-18,” said Dlamini. On Thursday, 5 January, the police had to be called as Wattville United caused chaos on the soccer field. But in the end, USB-18 were crowned winners after they beat Reach Out FC. They received a trophy, R150 000 and a cow, while Reach Out FC got R50 000. One of the tournament organisers, Laly Skosana, said it was unfortunate that the beautiful game had to end with a fight. “Wattville United invaded the pitch to celebrate what they thought was a goal two minutes before the game could end. It was going to be unfair on USB-18 as they were leading,” she said. “This is just a game and the purpose of Imbewu Enhle Tournament is to groom young talent. We have scouts here who will see to it that some of these youngsters get to be recognised by big clubs.” She said the aim was to turn the tournament into another Macufe. “The aim is to grow this tournament to create jobs and showcase local musical talent,” said Skosana. The tournament was also a chance for residents to sell their food, drinks and clothes. Sergeant Connie Moalusi said Daveyton police monitored and calmed the situation after they were called by tournament organisers. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments 