  BEHIND HIS smile and laughter, funny man and actor Siyabonga
Radebe has been hiding his tears. The theatre world has slammed one too many doors in his
face. SIYA B HAS SPENT THE LAST TWO MONTHS IN A PSYCHIATRIC WARD
BEING TREATED FOR DEPRESSION! His family in Ntuzuma, north of Durban, has revealed that
Siya B, as he is known, has been in hospital in Durban for two months. His mum Nomasonto Mthembu (60) said her son feels that he
has been cancelled and blocked by the arts. “The things that are happening to him are difficult for him
to handle. Everything is too much for my son,” said Nomasonto. “He has been knocking on many doors in the acting world but
they have all been closed on him.” She said these things caused him severe depression. He had
to be admitted to hospital. ALSO READ | Musa Mseleku's wives at war! “Staying at home watching your parents go to bed hungry
after they sent you to school and got you to graduate is not nice. “Realising that you can’t help makes the situation worse,”
she said. “Siya had cars, but now he is squatting in taxis as if he is
not a superstar.” She said his house in Joburg is about to be repossessed
because he can no longer pay the instalments.  “Rumours that he has gone mad and has been seen walking
naked are all lies,” said Nomasonto. She said the family will appreciate help. “If we can get a lawyer who will sit down with my son and
help him with what he has gone through, we would appreciate that,” she said. “There’s money that Siya was supposed to get from
productions he did. He didn’t get that money. We need a lawyer who can help
him. Maybe his depression will get better.” Siyabonga’s sister Khanyisile Mthembu (50) said her brother
has been telling her about the pain of being cancelled by the industry. “My brother is multitalented. He can write songs and he can
sing. He also writes films and TV dramas and he can act. but doors are closed
for him. He quit his Uzalo job because he felt that he was earning peanuts,”
she said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “He asked questions but he was not taken seriously. All
those things were too much for him. Quitting Uzalo came after he realised that
his mental illness was becoming too much.” Uzalo spokeswoman Nomfundo Zondi said they don’t know the
details of what Siyabonga is going through. “He is no longer part of the production,” she said.