DAVID Bombando is still looking for answers as to why his baby mama and her brother killed his child. Brown Esther Mwenda (27) and Mike Mwenda (25) were sentenced to three life imprisonment sentences for the murder and rape of the two-year-old in the South Gauteng High Court on Wednesday, 18 January. They were also sentenced to 18 months for being in Mzansi, from DRC, illegally. Bombando said he was still emotional and would never forget the day his daughter was killed. “It is something that I will carry with me for the rest of my life. I just have to learn how to deal with it,” he said. The killers did not testify in court, leaving Bombando with no answers as he was hoping that they would explain why. According to the indictment, the brother and sister left their apartment in Bryanston and went to book a lodge in Midrand on 10 April 2021. At about 11.30pm, they brought the body of the child to reception, claiming she had passed out. Upon investigation, crosses were found drawn with blood in their room, and there candles. Police also found similar evidence at their apartment.  “The whole incident that happened in that room was witchcraft. They painted crosses in blood and oil. There was an altar and according to police, they prayed for my daughter – claiming that she was possessed by demons before they killed her,” said Bombando. He said that he was thankful to the justice system and investigating officer for seeing the case through. “It wont bring her back, but at least justice was served,” he said. The court heard that the cause of death was asphyxia and her neck was broken. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments National Prosecuting Authority spokeswoman Phindi Mjonondwane said this was bittersweet because the killers did not tell the court what happened. “The father does not have answers as to why this evil deed was done to his child. The court was left with lingering questions as the accused gave no explanation,” she said, adding that the sentence was befitting to the crimes committed.