NOT a single pupil passed matric at the North West School for the Deaf in Leeudoringstad near Wolmaransstad. Following the almost unthinkable 0% pass rate, North West Education MEC Viola Motsumi has promised that pupils in special needs schools will get the necessary support. “Pupils must be given the same opportunities to succeed as their peers in ordinary schools,” she said. The problem at the school is not a new one. In simple terms, the school has been offering matric since 2021, and now, at the end of the 2022 school year, the simple truth is that there is not a single teacher who has mastered sign language. Motsumi said the department will continue its efforts to improve learning in special needs schools, particularly at the North West School for the Deaf. It begs the question: What are the efforts that they will continue with? She said they will provide additional specialist resources to these schools as they fast-track the three-stream model curriculum. If they will provide, what is called “additional” specialist resources, what specialist resources have they been providing? Last year, the Pan South African Language Board (PanSALB) in North West visited the school and said they were shocked to find out teachers at the school didn’t know sign language.  “These pupils expect to be taught in the language that they understand,” said PanSALB’s Goitsemodimo Seleka. Stephinah Semaswe, North West education’s head of department, visited the school last year. “We have about 12 teachers there that need training,” she said. “We’ve also taken advantage of an arrangement between the North West provincial government and the North West University to do this training.” She said they tried in the past to secure the right service provider and now they’ll put into use the agreement to provide teachers at the school with the proper service provider to train them. She did not say for how long they’ve tried to get the right service provider and also didn’t say when the training will take place. She said the teachers at the school are qualified. “They are capable of teaching other subjects,” she said. “We only have one interpreter at the moment. From February 2023 the teachers will be trained, especially in sign language because pupils see sign language as their home language.” A parent (45) said her daughter has been complaining that teachers do not know sign language. “She says it is difficult for them to understand,” she said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  “It is disheartening to see this happening to our own children. The department is undermining the rights of our pupils.” Another parent said he was not surprised because “the school had six grade 12 pupils in 2021 and only one passed”. Daily Sun sent a media inquiry to the provincial department spokesman, Elias Malindi, to clarify if teachers at the school are qualified as sign language teachers, and he promised to gather information and respond to us. Malindi said that the school has qualified teachers, however, they are not sign language teachers. 