JOBURG Mayor Mpho Phalatse is confident that she will survive a motion of no confidence, expected to be tabled against her in the council on Thursday, 26 January. She said there were attempts to vote her out before, but they all failed. She also only wanted to focus on the purpose of the media briefing, which was to discuss how the city was planning to tackle the electricity challenges. “I am not going to pre-empt my ousting. I will survive. I have survived many times and I believe I will survive this,” she said. The DA member said the city and country had been subjected to load shedding daily. “The impact of load shedding has had a devastating impact on GDP growth, with businesses scaling down or shutting doors leading to job losses.” Phalatse said theft and vandalism of infrastructure, which mainly happened during power outages, added to residents’ woes. “Over the last year, City Power spent over R200 million on 390 mini substations due to theft and vandalism,” she said, adding that these crimes were committed by organised criminals and they were working with police to curb them. The mayor further said despite the threats of being removed from office, they were soldiering on to maintain Joburg’s status as the economic hub of the country. REGISTER TO COMMENT! She said City Power had taken a decision to reduce reliance on Eskom for power supply by securing energy from independent producers. And, requests for proposals went out in November and would close next month. She said despite facing the exit, her focus remained on service delivery. “At the political level, yes there is turbulence and instability. But the idea is that in the midst of all of that, sense must prevail and certain plans that are crucial to keeping Joburg’s heartbeat going must not be affected negatively by political instability,” she said. Phalatse denied any tension between her and party leader John Steenhuisen. If the motion of no confidence against her went ahead, it would be the third time since she took office in November 2021. ActionSA released a statement on Thursday, insisting that the motion would go ahead. “Following further negotiations yesterday between the Patriotic Alliance (PA) and governing coalition in Joburg, ActionSA can confirm that talks have failed, and the coalition will face motions of no confidence without the majority to defend Phalatse,” said chairman Michael Beaumont. He said final negotiations had failed because the DA refused to listen to opinions of all coalition partners who had written to the party, urging for the original proposal that had been agreed to by all parties (including the DA) and accepted by the PA, should be honoured. “This proposal would have restored the majority of the coalition, defeated these motions of no confidence tomorrow and delivered some semblance of stability in Joburg,” he said.