ANGRY parents of black pupils gathered outside Laerskool Danie Malan in Tshwane yesterday, 9 January. They told Daily Sun the school management was racist and that the school didn’t want to admit their kids. Prince Shabangu, Educational Desk leader, said they were dealing with racism and white privilege. “Only black parents are looking for space. “There’s an Afrikaans class that has 15 pupils and the English class is overflowing. “There are about 42 to 45 pupils in one classroom. “There’s a storeroom filled with old equipment. “They can remove those things and use it as a classroom,” said Shabangu. He said the department has failed schools because of a lack of funds. “If you are doing extra classes there must be extra teachers to teach the pupils and that requires funds. The department has failed the schools,” he said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments He said they were also harassed by a security guard while they were picketing. “We are not scared of them and we are peaceful,” he said. . If our kids are not going to be in school they must also feel the pain,” he said. A parent said: he was supposed to be at work but had been standing outside the school gate. “I am here for my child who is supposed to be starting school tomorrow. “She’s going to grade 1 and she was in the same school last year, but they now say she doesn’t have a space.” . What am I going to say to my child when she sees her friends going to school on Wednesday,” he said. He said he was willing to wait until his kid was placed. Agnes Mothapo (39) said she was looking for a place for her 11-year-old daughter who will be doing grade 6. “This is a school closer to home and I can’t take her anywhere,” she said. “All the whites are at the other entrance and they are helping them. “I am frustrated and angry,” she said. Gauteng Department of Education’s spokesman, Steve Mabona, said MEC Matome Chiloane will give an update on the 2023 Online Admissions placements for grades 1 and 8 on Tuesday, 10 January.