MPUMALANGA police have launched a manhunt for suspects who shot dead an off-duty traffic officer. Silvester Samkelo Nkosi (34) at the Water reservoir or 2010 Soccer Ball in was gunned down at a water reservoir in Steiltes, Mbombela, on Monday, 23 January, at about 7.30pm. Nkosi, who worked for contraced companyMpumalanga Department of Community Safety, Security and Liaison, was fatally shot and robbed of his white VW Golf 7 and his service pistol. Brigadier Selvy Mohlala said on that fateful night, police in Mbombela received a complaint about a shooting incident. “Upon arrival at the scene, police found the traffic officer in a pool of blood. Medical personnel unfortunately certified him dead. A case of murder, with additional charges of robbery and carjacking, is being investigated by the police. SELF-CONFESSED murderer Flavio Hlabangwane allegedly abused her cousin, who was also her lover, before her dismembered body parts were found inside his fridge, the Palm Ridge Magistrates Court heard. On Tuesday, 24 January, the court heard horrific tales of how Tshepang Pitse (23) was constantly beaten up by Flavio.  “No one has been arrested so far. But preliminary investigation indicates that the officer was with a female friend when two armed suspects attacked them. “The female friend was reportedly unharmed during the incident and she went to call for help at the nearest filling station. The suspects fled with the victim’s car and service firearm,” Mohlala said. Mpumalanga police commissioner Lieutenant-General Semakaleng Manamela has strongly condemned the incident and vowed that the perpetrators will not find peace until they are locked up. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  “A manhunt for the suspects has since been launched and a team of experts in the field of investigation has been assembled. It’s well-known that in this province, we don’t blink an eye whenever crime is committed. There will be no difference on this case. The suspects better hand themselves over to the authorities before we get to them,” she said. Manamela has called on anyone with information on the whereabouts of the suspects or the vehicle to contact Colonel Donald Mkhaliphi on 079 230 3126, CrimeStop on 08600 10111, or alternatively people can send information via MYSAPSAPP.