THE new year has had a tragic start for the Rabuthu family. Their son, Kutlwano Rabuthu (21), was killed and their house set alight. The family said Kutlwano was found dead and burnt to death on Sunday, 1 January 2023, in their six-roomed house in Mabopane block E, Tshwane. Neighbours said at about 12.30am, they heard a loud explosion and then there was fire. Kutlwano’s gogo, Maria Rabuthu (69), the owner of the house, said they left him at home and went to her daughter’s place on New Year’s Eve. “We came home to find firefighters in the house,” she said. “We found my nephew lying naked and dead in my bedroom. “I want to know how he ended up dying in my room. “It looks as if he was blocking something on the door.” You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Gogo Maria said that her family of four has also lost everything, including furniture, clothes and documents. She’s appealing for help to rebuild the house and to replace the documents. She said Kutlwano was working at a tavern in Mabopane. “He was the love of my heart. He was a good child and he’d clean the house and made sure that we were all okay,” said Maria. The mother of the victim, Tshegofatso Rabuthu (42), said she suspects her son was killed. “He died defending himself. “I think people petrol-bombed the house while my son was inside,” she said. “My message to those who did this evil thing to my son is that I will find them.” Kutlwano’s sister, Ntebogeng Rabuthu (31), said: “It looked as if my brother was running away.” Neighbour Lizzy Modibane (52) also alleges that her neighbour’s house was petrol bombed.is appealing to people to help the family to rebuild their home and bury their child. Tshwane Emergency Services spokesman Deputy Chief Charles Mabaso said: when the Tshwane Emergency Services Department arrived at the scene they found the house engulfed in flames with parts of the roof already collapsing. “We managed to extinguish the fire at about 2.04am.” “It was reported during firefighting operations that a member of the family was missing,” he said. Mabaso said a burnt body of a man was discovered. during cooling down and salvage operations. “The scene was handed over to the SAPS and the cause of the fire has not been determined,” said Mabaso. Lieutenant-Colonel Mavela Masondo said: “An inquest docket was opened for investigation.” Kutlwano will be buried on Saturday at the Crossing Cemetery in Soshanguve.