SLINDILE Wendy Ndlovu of the has detailed how she was dumped by the owner of AmaZulu football club, Sandile Zungu. Sli is the new cast member on RHOD season 3. “We started dating in 2016 and in the end, I came out with nothing except my handbags,” she told Daily Sun. “In 2019, he promised to marry me and we got engaged. It wasn’t something huge but the proposal cemented our relationship. At that time, I was studying in the US. When I came back to South Africa, I went to live with him,” recalled Sli. ALSO READ : Big Brother Mzansi winner sparks pregnancy rumours! “Our relationship was never a secret. Everyone knew about it. I was at every AmaZulu event. I ran his club house and his late wife’s foundation. I ran the Zunguness Foundation and attended every parents’ meeting for his kids. I’d take care of his kids in his absence. When his wife died, I became his shoulder to cry on. I followed all his instructions without questioning him. We did baecations together,” said Sli. But Sandile never fulfilled his promise to marry her and instead allegedly gave her a condition. “I was working on a project and he said I needed to finish it first, then he would start lobola negotiations with my family but that never happened. Instead, he dumped me and married another woman,” said Sli. “We had a minor argument and he said he doesn’t trust me anymore. He stormed out of our home but I didn’t take it seriously. I actually laughed because the fight wasn’t even serious. I waited for him to come back but he didn’t. “Four months after the argument, he went behind my back and married another woman. I saw their pictures on newspapers. I was shocked and hurt by the whole thing. That’s when I decided to walk away. I still don’t know why he dumped me. I might have triggered something in him but whatever it is did not give him a right to treat me like that,” she said. “Now that the relationship has ended, I can see that I was never his ideal woman. I think he was still mourning his late wife and I helped him to heal,” she said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Now she is starting all over again. “I joined RHOD so that I can rebuild myself, tell my story and empower other women out there. I am now trying to remove myself from his shadow. I want nothing to do with him. I am building my brand without him,” she said. Sandile refused to tell his side of the story. He said: “I am not going to comment or say anything until I see the full episode.”