STRUGGLING power utility Eskom said it is considering implementing permanent load shedding for 24 months. This was said by the Eskom board chairman Mpho Makwana during a media briefing on Sunday, 22 January. Makwana said the public should expect continuous power cuts, ranging from stage two to stage three, for the next two years. “The recovery of generation performance will not happen within a short space of time, the execution of the recovery plan requires that power stations are given space and headroom to execute the recovery plan this requires either adding additional capacity to create space to do proper maintenance without firefighting, or create some predictability by implementing a permanent stage two or three for the next two years in order to give sufficient space for maintenance while giving the country a level of predictability or consistency to plan the livelihoods better,” he said. He said shuttling from one stage to another within a short space of time is not good for the business community. Also Read: Tsotsis kill spaza shop owner! He added that the reality is that the recovery of the Eskom coal fleet will not be achieved within the short term. Makwana also said the permanent load shedding would form part of Eskom’s plan to increase its Energy Availability Factor (EAF) to a point where it could stop load shedding within the next 24 months. He said it will take at least two years to improve the EAF from the current 58% to 70%. “The journey of the turnaround will see a stretch target EAF being driven toward 60% EAF by 31 March 2023, a mere 10 weeks away, then 65% EAF by 31 March 2024 and 70% by 31 March 2025.” You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Makwana said the key levers to the success of the recovery of the Eskom fleet is the fixing of the systematic issues that are troubling the organisation such as leadership, organisational culture and poor internal controls required to operate an organisation. He said these will be embedded as part of the recovery plan. “The teams at the power stations are working hard to get better reliability and availability of the units. “The quick low hanging fruits are the recovery of the six stations Kendal, Matla, Majuba, Duvha, Tutuka and Kusile. These stations must be prioritised by deploying the best human resources, allocate sufficient capital and get OEM support in critical plants,” he said.