IT was a happy day for Nondazebo Ntetha (35) when she was blessed with triplets, two girls and a boy, on Sunday, 15 January. The mother of two gave birth to Sihle, Emihle and Zobuhle at Bongani Regional Hospital in Welkom, Free State, prematurely at 27 weeks. She was discharged after four days, with an instruction to collect medication at a clinic in her home town in Bultfontein as the hospital had no medication following her C-section. And while at clinic, she received a call to go back to the hospital with one of her family members. Upon arrival, she was told that her triplets had died. “I was depressed and demoralised. The nurses told me that the deaths were unavoidable,” said Nondazebo. Her sister, Matokelo Monoang, blames the nurses and doctors for allegedly being reckless and irresponsible. ALSO READ: HOSPITAL LEFT ME IN PAIN! “We have noticed that ventilators and extracorporeal membrane oxygenation are not working properly, which might be the cause. And, the nurses gave my sister the wrong documents to apply for birth certificates,” she said. She said that Nondazebo had to go up and down after having an operation while in pain. “The babies were buried with no birth certificates. We feel neglected by our government and are left with trauma,” said Matokelo. Advocate Buwang Jones, former head of the South African Human Rights Commission, said any victim of medical malpractices had the right to institute a civil claim to the High Court or Magistrates for damages. “This may involve suing the implicated doctors or nurses directly. The hospital or state may assume vicarious liability. The claims are subjected to meet certain requirements. For a medical negligence claim to succeed, some things should be proven depending on circumstances. The victim may claim compensation for damages and sufferings,” said Jones. He further urged the family to request access to medical records and a report. REGISTER TO COMMENT! Elke de Witt, spokeswoman for the provincial health department, said due to legal considerations, the information on the medical records would not be disclosed. She said the department would assist the family with psychosocial support and counselling, and that the deaths were unavoidable due to risk factors. “The meeting was held with family members on the deaths and circumstances,” said De Witt.