THE National Union of Mineworkers (NUM) Highveld Region has expressed shock at the decision taken by Richards Bay Coal Terminal (RBCT) that Optimum Coal Mine (OCM) will stop exporting coal through the terminal by 31 January. NUM said it was calling for RBCT to review its decision because this will negatively affect the livelihoods of people living in areas such as Middelburg, Hendrina and Pullens Hope in Mpumalanga. “NUM is perturbed by the decision taken by RBCT confirming and affirming that OCM will cease exporting coal through the terminal by 31 January 2023. The union is now more convinced than ever before that this decision has nothing to do with the issues raised in the letter by RBCT. In fact, NUM cannot be fooled by the RBCT because this decision is a decision of capitalist conglomerates who are expanding and maximising profits. “These greedy capitalists will continue to expand while the downtrodden masses and the marginalised working class continue to suffer,” said regional chairman Malekutu Bizzah Motubatse. He said the question they have as NUM was that what would happen to the terminal that belongs to OCM. “Is it going to be distributed among board members whom in their own rights are also mining bosses? This is what we call rapacious capitalism as NUM,” said Motubatse. Alan Waller, CEO of RBCT, confirmed in an article by News24 that the export entitlement contract would cease on 31 January because it was benefiting contractors instead of OCM, a company currently in business rescue.  Motubatse said the union would this week try to meet with the minister responsible. He said they will not rest until they expose the capitalist agenda, which seeks to keep black people poor. He said what was worrying was that RBCT was hiding behind the actions of the National Prosecuting Authority (NPA), in that in its letter dated 20 January 2023, the RBCT stated that this matter was already in court and therefore it would not be able to start engaging on it now. “We are also surprised to see the NPA only resurfacing now with its enforced preservation order against OCM,” he said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  Motubatse said NUM has since escalated the matter to all relevant government entities, including the office of President Cyril Ramaphosa, but it has not received any response. “A fundamental question therefore remains: whose class interest is NPA serving? The perpetual obsession by the NPA is very worrying. If needs be, NUM will mobilise its members and camp at Richards Bay. We cannot be reduced and undermined by this board,” he said.