SOUTH African rugby player Siya Kolisi has been granted an early release from his contract with the Sharks to join French club Racing 92 after the 2023 Rugby World Cup. Kolisi joined the Cell C Sharks in 2021 and has rapidly become an essential member of the team. The Sharks CEO, Dr Eduard Coetzee, said they look forward to Kolisi’s continued contributions to the team for the remainder of the season, “Siya has been an instrumental and much-loved member of the Cell C Sharks family since his arrival two years ago. His well-documented and commendable leadership qualities extends far beyond the playing field and this is none more so evident than his involvement with the launch of the Players First programme, as well as his commitment in the expansion of The Sharks brand to a global market. “His move to France is a new and exciting opportunity and we could not be happier for him. We are blessed to have him don the black and white jersey and we know that over the next few months, he will continue to give back to the team and our fans,” said Coetzee.  It’s alleged that the collaboration will involve quarterly meetings of owners, management, and an exchange of ideas about player sharing, coaching expertise, among others. With the intention of seeking to expand the brand in Europe and North America in the years leading to the 2031 Rugby World Cup, Racing 92 will become part of the global network of relationships being established by the Sharks. Kolisi thanked the team for enabling him to take up this new challenge from the 2023-24 season onwards. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  “It has been an incredible collaborative effort between The Sharks and Racing 92 that has enabled me to start a new chapter in my career after the 2023 World Cup. I want to give a massive thanks to the Cell C Sharks for welcoming me with open arms in 2021, and for making me feel so at home in Durban, while their support over the last couple of years has been hugely influential during a key period in my career,” said Kolisi.   “I am immensely appreciative that the Sharks have given me their blessing to make this move, and it goes without saying that I will continue to give my all for the team over the next few months.”