A PROMINENT eSwatini human rights lawyer and pro-democracy activist, Thulani Maseko, has been gunned down. Maseko was shot and killed at his home in Luhleko on Saturday night, 21 January. He was shot through a window while seating with his family. His killing comes after King Mswati III made threats that they would deal with pro-democracy activists during the end of the celebration of Incwala ceremony on Saturday, 21 January at the Ngabezweni Royal residence. Pro-democracy movements and the citizens of the country have since expressed their shock over the brutal shooting of Maseko. Swaziland Liberation Movement spokeswoman, Thantaza Silolo, said those responsible for Maseko’s death have drawn the battle lines against the people of the country. “Maseko has spent his life fighting for a just society. Consistent with this, he has been playing a central role in 6hr common efforts to arrive at a dialogue to address democratic reforms in the country, including encouraging a spirit of tolerance among all our people. “He is the victim of the cause of justice and peace, hence, his death demands of us that we pursue that cause with even great vigour and determination. It also demands that we, as one people, act together decisively with unity, discipline and determination and nothing can stop us. Any disunity is trembling on the values that Thulani too for and let his memory be not dishonoured,” she said. You must  be SIGNED IN to comment! Maseko, who had been previously jailed for his political criticism, was at the forefront fighting for justice and defending human rights in the June/July 2021 pro-democracy protest. The People’s United Democratic Movement spokesman, Mlungisi Makhanya, said they’re extremely devastated by the cold blooded assassination of Maseko. “We are particularly angered by the fact that on the day of his shooting, Mswati had, during the day, boasted that he will release his mercenaries to respond to pro-democracy activists. This shows that he is clearly admitting that he’s behind the elimination of political activists,” said Makhanya. He further called on the international community to take a leading role in ensuring that Mswati and his government account for this heinous crime. “While are devastated and extremely hurt. We know that comrade Thulani would have loved us to continue with the struggle. We might be injured and limping, but we are not deterred to continue with the fight. We knew that our freedom was not free,” he added. Meanwhile, the government of eSwatini has sent its condolences to the family and friends of Maseko. Government spokesman Alpheous Nxumalo said their security forces have assured government that they are already at work looking for the killers, and will not rest until they are brought to book. “Government has again taken this opportunity to condemn the ruthless killing of civilians. Government also warns against speculations and insinuations peddled, particularly on social media platforms, in instances like these. “Again, government distinctly disassociates herself and the country’s authorities from these heinous acts. Such speculations are dangerous as they hamper investigations and take the attention away of the real criminals,” added Nxumalo.