ANGRY parents continued to cause chaos outside Radineo Primary School in Mabopane block U, Tshwane on Thursday, 12 January. Their protest started on Wednesday, 11 January as they closed the school with concrete rocks preventing pupils and teachers from accessing the school facility. They said there will be no learning until all the issues have been addressed. Lebogang Moumakwe, community leader from block U in Mabopane, said the classrooms are not in good condition and the problem has been there for the past three years. “We closed the school because the problem has not been resolved fixed and there’s overcrowding,” he said. Resident Lele Chabalala said the children are struggling to read. On the other hand, parent Lesego Malatji (30), said she wanted her child who’s living with a disability to be registered at the school, but that didn’t happen as she alleged that the school refused to register the child.  The angry parent said her son, Atlegang Malatji (7), was not placed at the school because of his disability. She said her son was doing grade R at the school last year but now the school says they can’t register him because of his disability. “The teachers told me they are not qualified to look after a child with a disability,” said Lesego. She said the school told her she must take her son to a special school. “The school was supposed to help me with the placing of my child to a special school if they did not want him,” she said. She said she’s heartbroken and it’s even worse for her son. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Gauteng education spokesman Steve Mabona said: “The department can confirm that the child was not dismissed. The report at our disposal shows that both the parent and the school management team agreed that the child will attend at the said school. The district will further investigate and continue supporting the child while at school. We will continue to monitor the situation.” The department is yet to comment on the chaos caused by parents at the same school.