RESIDENTS of Thulamahashe, Mpumalanga said they’ve spend a month without water. And the problem has also affected some villages in Manyeleti, Bushbuckridge and parts of Mkhuhlu. This despite the Bushbuckridge Municipality constructing boreholes to help with water provision. Residents said since last month, they were forced to dig deep into their pockets to buy water from businesspeople with boreholes. Thembi Lukhele (47) from Mkhuhlu said: “This municipality has failed us dismally. We have no water and are forced to share water with animals in the wells. We reported the matter to the municipality, but they did nothing.” HE WAS taken from his home by three men and a woman and bundled into a car. The kidnappers then took Bomba Nesani (31) to Tembisa, Ekurhuleni, where he was questioned and beaten before he was left to die. Luckily, strangers came to his rescue and called an ambulance to take him to hospital.  Dikeledi Mashile (32) from Bushbuckridge said: “We’re suffering without water, but Inyaka Dam is full.” Dikeledi said they can’t risk going to the river as there are criminals and dangerous snakes, and all boreholes in the village are destroyed. “The pumps and tanks were taken away by the municipality staff a few days after installation two years ago.”  You must be SIGNED IN to comment! Nyiko Mathebula (45) from Thulamahashe said they are forced to relieve themselves in the bushes when nature calls. “The taps are totally dry. The municipality fooled us. All the water tankers that used to supply us with water have vanished,” he said. Matimba Ndlovu (37) from Seville in Manyeleti said: “We are sick and tired of empty promises by useless ward councillors and their municipality as they have no plan to resolve this problem,” he said. Bushbuckridge municipal spokeswoman Fhumulani Thovhakale said: “We can confirm that water services has a record of municipal officials taking borehole equipment for safe-keeping. “On the issue of theft and vandalism of borehole infrastructure, it is true that most boreholes are vandalised in various areas.”