THE Department of health said it is fully aware that there are medical doctors who are still trying to find employment after completing the statutory community service. This comes after the department was alerted to a social media post about a march planned for Thursday, 26 January to the headquarters of the Department Health and offices of the premiers of the Eastern Cape and KZN. The march, organised by trade union South African Medical Association Trade Union (SAMTU), calls for the department to commit itself in finding doctors employment. But health spokesman Foster Mohale has called on doctors to go look employment elsewhere. He said in terms of the National Health Act, the National Department of Health, in conjunction with the Provincial Departments of Health take responsibility for the placement of internship and community service applicants. ALSO READ : Slindile finishes matric at 31 He said once medical doctors complete their community service, they then become free to seek employment in workplaces of their choice. “It therefore becomes their responsibility to apply for positions at various hospitals under the jurisdiction of the Provincial Departments of Health or in the private health sector.” “SAMATU’s appeal to medical doctors who do not yet have employment is based on false information. At no stage did the department commit to finding employment for medical doctors who have completed their community service,” he said. Mohale said in previous discussion with SAMATU, they were advised to submit a comprehensive list of such unemployed doctors, which contains the full personal details including the HPCSA registration details of each doctor. He said the Department of Health would then share that list with the provinces for them to assist with employment where they have funded vacant posts. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “SAMATU has thus far not complied with that request and guidance. It is therefore disingenuous for leaders of professional and democratic trade union for medical practitioners to try and exploit the emotions of those desperately seeking employment by giving them false information. The department further shares the concerns about health professionals who remain unemployed,” said Mohale. But SAMATU told Daily Sun that it was a lie that they didn’t send the list of the names. SAMATU general-secretary Dr Cedric Sihlangu said they sent the list, and the department retuned the list back to them, stating that they needed the ID numbers of the doctors. “We then took back the list to our members and they provided the ID numbers, and we sent it back to the department and they haven’t responded. That’s why we decided to go march.” “We are going ahead with the march,” said Sihlangu.