SMALL-SCALE sugarcane farmers in Nkomazi, Mpumalanga, had started to lose hope on how they would fertilise their seeds after prices were inflated. But on Thursday, 29 December, 1 432 farmers benefitted from the Department of Agriculture, Land Reform and Rural Development’s relief programme. Each farmer received three 50kg sacks of fertiliser to help them fertilise their seeds. Farmer Freddy Willie told Daily Sun they had been struggling and didn’t make any profit. He said the fertiliser they received would help them improve. “The price of fertiliser has tripled and it’s not even more. This will help us continue with production and fertilise our fields,” he said.  Meanwhile, South African Farmers Development Association CEO Siyabonga Madlala said they were excited as farmers because they had no hope left. “With the tripling of the fertiliser price, farmers could only afford half the dose that they would apply for the year and now that they have a top-up, it means that their fields will look perfect,” he said. He said that farmers had never stopped farming, and have been surviving as the department has been assisting them with fertiliser in the past years. “The only thing that struck us is when the Russia-Ukraine war hit us, the price of fertilisers escalated and it is in June that we realised that farmers are not going to survive this. As an organisation we put a business plan for the government and it assisted us,” he said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Minister Thoko Didiza said one of the things that had made government intervene in this way was due to the challenges that have been experienced globally because of the Russia-Ukraine conflict. “There has actually been an impact on the value chain in food security and also agricultural input. The prices of fertilisers have been very high and the government felt it was necessary that we support smallholder farmers with some of those inputs such as fertilisers so that they are able to go back into the field,” she said. Didiza said other provinces would also be getting some support. She said this was a government programme that sought to unleash economic activity in rural communities, particularly in communal areas.