ESKOM CEO Andre de Ruyter has refused to be drawn into assuring the nation when load shedding will end. The power utility boss told the standing committee on public accounts (Scopa) in Parliament on Tuesday, 24 January that he could not in all probability put his foot down and guarantee the country when the crippling load shedding will be a thing of the past. But De Ruyter said given the challenges of maintenance and with the turnaround plan, load shedding could be a thing of the past in around 18 months. De Ruyter was leading Eskom executives as well as board chairman Mpho Makwana. He said load shedding was unavoidable because the power utility has to do maintenance work at power stations and the only way to reduce load shedding was by introducing new power generation units.  “We have been carrying out substantial maintenance during the summer months. Now this was planned because we want to reduce our planned maintenance during the winter months when there is a high demand and we anticipate that this will drop to about 1 000 megawatts during winter. “This is how it should work. But of course as we take units for planned maintenance, we increase the probability of load shedding,” he said. He told the committee it would be quite easy to tell his team to stop doing maintenance work. That would stop load shedding for about six months but then after that the situation would be far worse. But the Scopa chairman, Inkatha Freedom Party MP Mkhuleko Hlengwa, wanted to know exactly when load shedding will end as South Africans deserved to know when this calamity will end. De Ruyter said he had difficulty spelling out the time-frame given the complexity of the challenges facing Eskom. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  He said things were looking up with more than 9 000 megawatts to be added to the grid as well as other efforts to produce more power. “So, the risk of load shedding will substantially diminish in the next 18 months but will it be eliminated? I think that will take a brave person to make that categorical statement,” he said. He added that apart from power generation challenges, the power utility is having to deal with its officials who were colluding with coal suppliers who are selling substandard coal. Special Investigating Unit head Advocate Andy Mothibi in his presentation to the same committee said the collusion of Eskom officials and coal suppliers was at an organised level. He outlined some of the successes of the unit’s investigation and told the committee that in one of the cases, a minister was involved and the unit would ensure successful prosecution. “Eskom officials facilitate contracts with coal providers despite concerns about coal quality raised by technical experts,” he said. He added that despite some of the mining companies being flagged, Eskom officials had gone on to buy this coal and implicated officials will be brought to book.