THE day for the DA to say why ANC’s cadre deployment must be declared unconstitutional and unlawful is here. The hearing is expected to sit in the North Gauteng High Court from Monday, 23 January and Tuesday, 24 January. DA shadow minister for public service and administration Leon Schreiber said this is, without any doubt, the single most important court case to rebuild state capacity in South Africa’s democratic history. He said through the evil practice of cadre deployment, the ANC illegally interferes in appointment processes to ensure that corrupt cadres are appointed based on their loyalty to the ANC, rather than on the basis of merit and skill. ALSO READ:DA to march to against Eskom crisis! “As the Zondo Commission confirmed and as the DA revealed when we exposed minutes of the ANC’s cadre deployment committee last year, this practice forms the very foundation of state capture. Abolishing cadre deployment is therefore a fundamental prerequisite if we ever want to end load shedding and halt the collapse of state institutions,” he said. Schreiber said the urgency of this case is tragically confirmed by the ongoing electricity crisis that is destroying the country. He said every time the lights go off, it is a reminder of the devastating impact that ANC cadre deployment has on hollowing-out state institutions, including Eskom. “Just last week, ANC chairman Gwede Mantashe shamelessly made it clear that the party is dead set on, once again, illegally interfering in the appointment process of new executive leadership at Eskom,” he said. Schreiber said no matter how much the ANC squeals in opposition, the DA is determined to use this court case to outlaw and abolish cadre deployment, whether the current governing party likes it or not. “Victory in this case will also lay the foundation for the DA-led government that must arise after the 2024 election, wherein cadre deployment will be assigned to the dustbin of history and replaced by strictly merit-based appointments throughout the public sector,” he said. You must be SIGNED IN to comment!