  Mix reaction as the President of the ANC Cyril Ramaphosa
interacts with the residents of Batho Location in Mangaung, Free State, on
Friday, 6 January. Kasi residents waited with the anticipation to finally meet
the president of the country but to some it was not to share their joy but
express their grievances. Ramaphosa's visit to the area was to visit the family of the
late struggle stalwart and one of the ANC founders Thomas Mthobi Mapikela. He arrived at the venue with hundreds of residents waiting
for him. One of the residents, Susan Malika (56), said she is happy
that finally the presidents is coming to ekasi and this will be an opportunity
to tell him about their struggles. She said she has been living in a shack all her life waiting
for an RDP. ANC President Cyril Ramaphosa greeting residents of Batho Location in Mangaung, Free State.Video: Kgomotso Medupe#ANC #ANC111 pic.twitter.com/fyBPvG88ew  Mumsi Anna Nakedi (63) pleaded to President Cyril Ramaphosa to have her RDP House to be repaired. Video by Morapedi Mashashe#ANC #ANC111 pic.twitter.com/B6D6lKEyDT Resident Susan Malika (56) from Batho Location said she is glad the President finally is coming to their area because they will be able to tell him their grievances. Video by Morapedi Mashashe#ANC #ANC111 pic.twitter.com/NeE8dELUMg   “We don’t have houses, our roads are bad and our children
are unemployment. These are the things we want Ramaphosa to attend to. He never
comes to our area we are glad that finally we will also get to voice our
voices,” she said.  Another resident, Mokgopudi Mereko, said he is also happy
that Ramaphosa is in the area. He said he hopes Ramaphosa will fix the electricity issue
and give them houses. ANC President Cyril Ramaphosa greeting residents of Batho Location in Mangaung, Free State.Video: Kgomotso Medupe#ANC #ANC111 pic.twitter.com/4LH0lN4xWw  “We want him to get rid of the corruption in the party
because that is the reason we are in this mess but otherwise I am happy with
what he has done for us and I believe he will do more,” he said. When addressing the residents, Ramaphosa pleaded with them
to attend the party’s birthday on Sunday, 8 January.  He said the ANC will get to hear what the national executive
has planned for the nation. ANC President Cyril Ramaphosa greeting residents of Batho Location in Mangaung, Free State.Video: Kgomotso Medupe#ANC #ANC111 pic.twitter.com/93eozqpkP7  “On Sunday, we will be celebrating at the stadium, those who
have a chance we ask that they come and join us. As the people of this town, we
ask that you come to hear what message we have for you. "The message will be about the conference that we had
on Thursday and the decisions we agreed up on,” he said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  Ramaphosa said he came to visit the Mapikela house to pay
his respect and also draw more strength just as he did when he visited the
gravesite of the other struggle stalwarts on Wednesday, 4 January. Ramaphosa’s visit to the Batho Location forms part of the
activities he has been engaging in, as he a built up to the big party on
Sunday.