NORTH West Community Safety and Transport Management MEC Sello Lehari welcomed 51 new traffic cops from the Mpumalanga Traffic Training College in Mkhuhlu near Bushbuckridge on Thursday, 22 December. Addressing them during the passing-out parade, Lehari warned them to serve with pride and diligence, and resist temptation. He said the temptation to do wrong would not overpower the ethos innate in them. “At the beginning of January, the department sent 51 students to the college. These have now completed the course and will be posted at all four districts according to the needs,” he said. Lehari told them to remember at all times the values and ethos they were taught as they execute their duties. ALSO READ: Corrupt cops get eight years in jail for tjotjo “Demonstrate discipline at all times. Discipline is of paramount importance and is a cardinal hallmark of your life as a law enforcement officer. It applies in all aspects of your career in the field, even when off-duty. What may appear as a harmless act of ill-discipline, even if it relates to punctuality, cleanliness, order or personal conduct will reflect badly not only on you but on the department and your profession,” he said. He reminded them that one moment lapse in compliance with the regulations would impact negatively on their profession. “No transgression or infraction is meaningless. This may start small and develop into a culture because it breeds disrespect and sows disunity. I am emphasising discipline because once you enter the world, there will be many temptations. Many before you who like you, had discipline internalised, fell by the wayside,” he said. Lehari reminded them of the distance they travelled and challenges they had to overcome to be trained. “Remember, the profession you have chosen is like no other. It is not a job but a duty. A job is an occupation but duty is a responsibility; an obligation and call to serve the nation. Every day when you get into that uniform, remember that you are not going to work but responding to a call of duty. You are accepting the responsibility to face danger with courage. You are accepting the directive to go out there to ensure there is a compliance with traffic regulations. Every day you will meet enormous tests that you will be expected to pass,” he said. Mpumalanga Community Safety Security and Liaison MEC Vusi Shongwe virtually wished the new cops luck, and also warned them against corruption on the road, including taking bribes from motorists.