 PRESIDENT Cyril Ramaphosa is mourning the death of the founding Speaker of Parliament and esteemed member of the Order of Luthuli, Dr Frene Ginwala. In a statement, Ramaphosa said Ginwala died at home on Thursday, 12 January, following a stroke two weeks ago. He offered his condolences to Ginwala’s family, her nephews and their families. “Today we mourn the passing of a formidable patriot and leader of our nation, and an internationalist to whom justice and democracy around the globe remained an impassioned objective to her last days,” read the statement. He added that among the many roles she adopted, they were duty-bound to recall her establishment of the democratic Parliament tasked with undoing decades-old apartheid legislation and fashioning the legislative foundations of the democratic South Africa.     “Many of the rights and material benefits South Africans enjoy today have their origins in the legislative programme of the Parliament under Ginwala’s leadership, with Nelson Mandela occupying the seat of the first president to be elected. Ginwala epitomised the ethos and expectations of our then fledgling Constitution and played an important role in building the capacity of Parliament through the transformation of activists and leaders into lawmakers who were in turn able to transform our country.” Ramaphosa further described Ginwala as an influential and instrumental person who helped shape the advancement of democracy and entrenchment of democratic political processes and fundamental socioeconomic rights in the Southern African Development Community and continent.   You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  “Beyond African shores, she positioned our young democracy both as one that had as much to contribute to as it had to learn from global precedents and experience. “We have lost another giant among a special generation of leaders to whom we owe our freedom and commitment to keep building the South Africa to which they devoted their all,” he said. Ginwala died at the age of 90. She served the anti-apartheid struggle and South Africa’s democratic dispensation in a diversity of roles as a lawyer, academic, political leader, activist and journalist. In 2005, she was honoured with the Order of Luthuli in Silver for her excellent contribution to the struggle against gender oppression and her tireless contribution to the struggle for a non-sexist, non-racial, just and democratic South Africa. The Presidency said it respected the family’s wishes for a private funeral, and details of an official memorial ceremony would be announced in due course.