BATHWALI Bemithi Traditional Healers Organisation said it’s hunting down “selfish and greedy” gobelas. The organisation’s president, gobela Rebone Tshabalala-Moloki, said gobelas who are charging thwasas ridiculous amounts of money with a long list of demands are sanctioned accordingly and, in some cases, their indumbas are shut down. The organisation believes that a gobela charging more than R35 000 for a traditional ceremony held after the training process is wrong. She said there was a growing trend of gobelas treating thwasas as their sources of income to provide for their standard of living. Tshabalala-Moloki said during the trading ceremonies of thwasas becoming izangoma, they carry all the cost including buying expensive alcohol for gobelas’ friends and family members. “Today’s ancestral ceremonies are not dignified. There’s lavish decor, red carpets, expensive alcohol and stretch tents. “It’s like a wedding. We hardly see traditional beers, but ciders and beer,” said Tshabalala-Moloki. “The training and the initiation process, including the ceremony, shouldn’t be expensive. MPUMALANGA police arrested a 30-year-old alleged ATM bomber on Monday, 23 January, after he was found with stacks of torn bank notes believed to have been acquired through ongoing bombings in the province. Brigadier Selvy Mohlala said during the arrest, cops searched the suspect's house and found a plastic bag stuffed with a large sum of torn money.  “However, we have come across cases of thwasas taking out loans because of the demands made by their gobelas. They are desperate for help.” She said in one case a thwasa’s family spent more than R200 000. “It’s also selfish, greedy and totally wrong for gobelas to keep thwasas who are unable to pay. They must be released to go and start making a living, so they are able to pay a gobela. We are coming for gobelas who are unethical and driven by greed. We sanction them according to ancestral and cultural responsibilities, even close down their indumbas, if need be,” she said. A 62-year-old father said he had to take multiple loans for his daughter when she became a sangoma a few years ago. He said the ceremony cost his family nearly R100 000. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “Days leading up to my daughter’s traditional ceremony, her gobela wanted new curtains for her entire house, among other things. “She said that is what the spirit wanted,” said the father.