KAIZER Chiefs captain Itumeleng Khune has vowed to use the criticism directed his way to improve his team’s performance. After Chiefs dismal start to 2023, losing first two matches 1-0 against Sekhukhune United and 4-0 drubbing by AmaZulu last weekend, Khune been the subject of criticism by some Chiefs fans. The hard to please Chiefs fans went far as suggesting that Khune must be dropped in their next game against Mamelodi Sundowns. They believe he could have done better when they lost to Usuthu where he was robbed off the ball by Junior Dion when he left his lines in an attempt to clear a back pass and it resulted to AmaZulu’s third goal. On Saturday, Amakhosi host Sundowns in a blockbuster at FNB Stadium (8pm). Another defeat for Chiefs will put coach Arthur Zwane under immense pressure as fans seem to be losing hope in him. Speaking at a Chiefs media day on Thursday, the former Bafana keeper said that criticism only makes him stronger. Kaizer Chiefs captain Itumeleng Khune welcomes the criticism directed his way and hopes to use it to improve his team’s performance. #DStvPrem pic.twitter.com/IpPr8dirOT  “To be fair, football is a team sport and yes, when the team is not doing well certain individuals will be labelled, will be given names,” said Khune. “I think that's what brings the best out of me as an individual. As a leader you can’t run away from the situation we’re facing you have to face it head on.” Khune is one of the leaders in what is a young Chiefs team that Zwane is building with the hope of challenging for honours in the near future. He believes that Amakhosi will bounce back. Khune added: “And other players lookup to you as a senior member of the team and if I shy away from criticism that means I am not willing to grow. There’s a lot of youngster from the team that can learn a lot from me. “We will be given names but one game doe not define and individual. I have been given names before but how I bounce back is more important and we will bounce back as a team.”