THERE was an attempted house breaking at the home of businesswoman and reality TV star Shauwn Mkhize in La Lucia, north of Durban, on Saturday, 7 January. Security guards managed to stop the robbery and one of the suspects was reported injured, while two others reportedly escaped unharmed. Sources said MamMkhize’s luxury mansion is divided into two parts. “There is a northern part and a southern part. MamMkhize lives in the northern part and her ex-husband Sbu Mpisane lives in the southern part because they are going through a divorce. The robbers tried to strike the southern part,” said the source. MamMkhize responded to Daily Sun via SMS saying the incident happened on her ex-husband’s side of the house and it had nothing to do with her. ALSO READ : Mpintsho’s sister needs help for mum “Thank you all for the messages of concern but as you are all aware, I am separated from Sbu Mpisane. “The incident that took place on Saturday does not involve me or my wing of the estate,” she said. When the People’s Paper tried to contact MamMkhize again for comment, her phone and her PA’s phone both rang unanswered. SMSes were sent to both of them but there was no response. Daily Sun also tried to contact Sbu for comment, but his phone was off. KZN police spokesman Colonel Robert Netshiunda told Daily Sun that police in Durban north are investigating a case of house breaking following an incident in which three suspects allegedly gained access into a house in La Lucia. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “The owner of the house reportedly found the suspects inside his house and the suspects allegedly cocked a gun and the owner retaliated. “One of the suspects was injured and the other two reportedly escaped unharmed. Police also found a firearm where one suspect was allegedly hiding before fleeing the scene,” he said. Netshiunda said one of the suspects was wounded in the leg while the other two got away. “It is believed there were three robbers. Security guards wounded one in the leg and the other managed to escape empty handed,” he said.