SEVEN subjects were not challenging enough for two Zwelibanzi High School pupils in Umlazi, south of Durban, who passed with flying colours. Elethu Gcabashe (18) and Mbuso Cele (18) took a risk and added an eighth subject at the beginning of their matric year. When they heard they could add another subject to the subjects they were doing, they didn’t hesitate as they love a challenge. On top of the seven subjects they had chosen, they added accounting which they never did in grades 10 and 11. ALSO READ: Thato’s painful GBV story in book It was their first time doing it in matric 12 and they had to learn everything by themselves as they couldn’t attend accounting classes because they clashed with other subjects on their timetables. The two also relied on extra classes. The risk paid off at the end as they both obtained a distinction for accounting. Elethu, who got eight distinctions in mathematics, agricultural science, life sciences, physical science, accounting, English, IsiZulu and life orientation, said she’s happy that she took the risk. “When we decided to do accounting for the first time in grade 12, we knew that it was a very risky move but I was excited as I love anything that would challenge me to get out of my comfort zone. We couldn’t attend accounting classes because our timetables were clashing,” she said. She said she knew she had to put an extra effort to master everything about accounting so that she would pass. “When I started doing accounting I was clueless but as time went by, I fell deeply in love with the subject. I knew that I would go for a career in this field. I want to be a chartered accountant,” she said. Mbuso, who scooped seven distinctions in mathematics, physical science, civil technology: construction, accounting, IsiZulu, English and life orientation, said he decided to add accounting because he wanted to explore the financial side of things. “It was a very interesting journey and it encouraged me to use my critical thinking skills. I enjoyed it because I love challenges,” he said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Mbuso said he’s going to study industrial engineering. Elethu, who was also the school’s head girl, steered the ship with Mbuso who was a head boy. Principal Sibusiso Maseko said: “We knew that they would do well in their subjects as they were focused but a distinction on a subject they started in grade 12 was a cherry on top. We are very happy and proud.”