Pressure is mounting on embattled Kaizer Chiefs coach Arthur Zwane! After yet another night to forget at Durban’s Moses Mabhida Stadium on Friday suffering a humiliating 4-0 defeat at the hands of AmaZulu in a DStv Premiership clash, their joint-heaviest defeat this season. Now the rampant Mamelodi Sundowns must surely be giving them nightmares. “We will obviously prepare for this game (against Sundowns) and see how it goes. But, like I said, we take one game at a time, and we play to win every game we play,” said Zwane. The Glamour Boys, who have been anything but this season, were outplayed by Usuthu with two of their former players coming back to haunt them in the match. The pair of Ramahlwe Mphahlele and Dumisani Zuma, recently discarded by Amakhosi, had the last laugh as they found the back of the net to pile more misery on their former employers. It’s been a tough first season in charge for Zwane with his side flattering to deceive for the better part of the campaign so far, a trend that most likely has even the staunchest supporters frustrated. Chiefs have picked up 24 points from their 16 matches so far and they head into the next match against defending champions Mamelodi Sundowns in the worst shape as far as confidence is concerned. The titanic encounter is scheduled for the FNB Stadium on Saturday (8pm). In his post-match presser, Zwane sounded like he had been watching a different match as he praised his players’ efforts even in defeat, however, he admitted that they would need to improve against Downs. “All the players that played against AmaZulu played very well. I was quite impressed,” said Zwane. “It was just one of those days where you’re making mistakes and you get punished. They made mistakes as well, but we didn’t take our chances. I look at the overall performance of the team and how many times we were in their half in the first half. “To be honest, I think the boys tried their best and at some stage, we could have scored early but unfortunately it didn’t happen. But the boys did well. 