DA Gauteng spokesman on health Jack Bloom said he’ll be monitoring Tambo Memorial Hospital’s repair process to ensure money earmarked is correctly distributed. In a statement on Wednesday, 11 January, Bloom said his party commended Gauteng Health MEC Nomantu Nkomo-Ralehoko for questioning the estimated cost of R18 million to fix the hospital. The liquid gas tanker explosion on Christmas Eve damaged its emergency unit, theatres and antenatal unit. Thirty-eight people, including 12 healthcare workers, died while some were still critical. During a site visit last year, Infrastructure MEC Lebogang Maile said it would cost more than R18 million to repair the damage. Healthcare workers who died were honoured at a memorial service at the Boksburg Civic Centre on Tuesday, 10 January. Nkomo-Ralehoko told reporters she did not want to see a repeat of what happened at the Anglo-Ashanti Hospital, where funds were misappropriated. She said she agreed with Democratic Nursing Organisation of South Africa Gauteng chairman Simphiwe Gada, who said repairs at Tambo Memorial should not be used as an opportunity to steal. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Gada was speaking at a memorial service for victims on 30 December. Nkomo-Ralehoko said: The damage to infrastructure should not be an opportunity for looting, as we’ve seen at Charlotte Maxeke [Johannesburg Academic Hospital]. We already have a call for R18 million to fix the hospital. This tragedy should not be used as an opportunity to steal.” In his statement, Bloom called Maile’s department corrupt. “This amount was cited by Maile but his department is notoriously corrupt, and disreputable people may want to benefit from the damage to the hospital. We saw this with greedy companies that profited from money earmarked for the epidemic, including R500 million for alterations to the Anglo Ashanti Hospital, which is now abandoned.” The original estimate for the hospital was R50 million. Maile’s spokesman, Castro Ngobese, said the department stood by the R18 million estimate to fix the hospital. “We have publicly stated that we will not tolerate any act of corruption. If it happens, decisive action will be taken against those responsible,” he said. XNEWS24