THE City of Cape Town is urging beachgoers to be cautious at the beaches after two people were attacked by a seal. The incident allegedly happened on Tuesday, 03 January 2023 at Clifton beach. The incident, captured in a video that went viral on social media, shows a seal walking from the sand on the beach charging towards the water. It entered water and went to attack a young boy who was playing in the water. Other beachgoers ran to rescue the boy. Lifeguards started whistling to alert people about the danger. Other people moved out of water but one woman remained in water as she continued swimming. The seal charged towards the woman and attacked her. The woman is heard screaming while the seal is attacking her. A brave man went to her rescue by grabbing the seal and lift it in the air before throwing it back in water after everyone had left the waters. You must be
SIGNED IN to read comments In a statement released on Wednesday, 4 January, the City warned residents “to keep a safe and respectful distance from marine and coastal wildlife at all times”. The City said they were aware of a video of a seal at Clifton Fourth Beach being shared on social media. Baby seal attacks kid and female at Clifton 4th Beach! ??Imagine hearing “get out the water” and next thing feeling a bite. I would have shat myself! ?? pic.twitter.com/NHkZbUKwxH  “Residents are reminded to keep their distance from marine mammals and to not interfere with them. Residents and visitors are encouraged to treat all marine and coastal wildlife with respect, and to remove their pets from areas where wildlife may be present. In the interest of the safety of beach users, as well as the animals, I want to kindly request residents and visitors to keep a safe and respectful distance from these animals,” said the City’s deputy mayor and MMC for Spatial Planning and Environment, Eddie Andrews.  In the event of an attack, injuries or coastal wildlife in distress, residents are urged to contact the City on 021 480 7700 from a cellphone, or 107 from a landline. “Members of the public are urged not to act on their own and without authority,” added Andrews.