JOBURG Mayor Mpho Phalatse may have delivered her last speech during the council’s 10th Ordinary and 13th Extra-Ordinary meetings on Thursday, 26 January. The DA member is facing a vote of no confidence motion by the ATM, AIC and Al-Jama-Ah. Phalatse promised residents that by 2026, Joburg would not have electricity in atmosphere but in their households, and that investors would flock in. She further said in the last few months, there had been challenges to service delivery as politicians wrestled for control. “In the process, the biggest losers have unfortunately been the 6 million residents of Joburg. They watched, with disappointment, as politicians squabbled for power at their expense.” She said when she was removed last year, democratic institutions were put to the test but the rule of law prevailed when the courts reinstated her. THE family of the cop who was gunned down together with his family wants those behind the killings to explain the reason for them. Warrant Officer Sinegugu Mavundla (49), fiancee Khanyisile Mthulisi (39) and their children, Siyamthanda Mthulisi (10) and Thando Mavundla (17) died during the attack on Saturday, 21 January.  She was voted out last September through a motion of no confidence, and replaced with the ANC’s Dada Morero. Thursday’s motion is the third she has faced since she came into power in November 2021. Phalatse told council that they could not afford to spend time squabbling over trivial differences and fending off frivolous motions while people did not have electricity and running water. She further said residents took a decision in 2021 to vote out the ANC and place their hope on a coalition government. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “They voted with their feet to free themselves from the liberators who subjected them to conditions of squalor, degradation, unemployment and abject poverty.” Phalatse concluded by saying it was up to the councillors to spit in the face of residents and reinstate “the corrupt” ANC-led government. And after concluding, some councillors chanted “awubuyi, akabuyi”.