 UNSTOPPABLE! That’s how Mamelodi Sundowns have been made to look in the DStv Premiership of late. The Tshwane giants swatted archrivals SuperSport United aside with a 1-0 win at Loftus Versfeld on Momday, thanks to a Neo Maema first-half goal. It was Sundowns’ eleventh victory on the bounce, equaling their record for the longest winning streak in the PSL. That particular record was set back in the 2006/07 campaign, with Sundowns winning the league comfortably. They appear to be well on their way to yet another league title, a record-extending sixth in a row. Downs boast a 14-point lead at the top of the Premiership table ahead of second-placed Richards Bay. They came into the Tshwane derby against Matsatsantsa a Pitori desperate to maintain their extraordinary winning run. Downs were also motivated by revenge, eager to reclaim the bragging rights after they lost to United in the first round. Gavin Hunt’s men, on the other hand, must have been aware that they would be up against it heading into the clash but that didn’t stop them from giving as good as they got. In fact, United created the better chances in the first half, with the best one falling to bright youngster Thapelo Maseko. However, the 19-year-old was unable to convert and Matsatsantsa would rue their missed chances when Downs took the lead late in the first half through Maema. In the second half, United pushed hard for the equalizer and left gaps at the back that were almost exploited by the Brazilians. After exhausting all their efforts to get back into the game, including another fine strike from Maseko that came off the post, United succumbed to their fifth defeat this season. They fell a whopping 16 points behind their rivals Sundowns and will now look to get back to winning ways when they face high-flying Richards Bay at Lucas Moripe Stadium on Sunday (5.30pm). Sundowns will square off against the wounded Kaizer Chiefs at FNB Stadium on Saturday (8pm), out to set a new record of 12 consecutive wins.