Mzansi mourns the passing of 5 Skippas. Orlando Pirates supporters, including other soccer lovers, started the year with heavy hearts. As 2023 was about to start - with new hope and dreams for many soccer lovers - it wasn't easy as they are already mourning the passing of the famous Orlando Pirates loyal supporter, Goodenough "5 Skippas" Sithole. He was famously known for his creation of words such as "I Like It for The Pirates and Is Not Make Sure." The news broke in today, Friday 6 January, and not much details about his passing has been shared yet. Many people took to Twitter to share their heartfelt condolences to Goodenough's family. Morakane Mosupyoe Gauteng MEC for Sport, Arts, Culture, and Recreation also issued a statement confirming his death. Rest in Power, 5 Skippas. pic.twitter.com/b14gSKogoQ  "Sithole, who was also known as "5 Skippas", established himself as a household name by becoming Orlando Pirates FC's number one fan, who would attend every club's matches dressed like a woman. He will also be remembered by his entertaining choice of words during TV or radio interviews," the statement read. ALSO READ : Uzalo replaces Omuhle Gela! The MEC said she was touched by Goodenough's passing and would like to send messages of condolence to his family and loyal fans who loved him dearly. They flooded the timeline with lots of comforting messages and words. Mama Joy Chauke wrote: "Rest well Soldier I have known. We pushed this Passion together. Dr Goodenogh 5 skippas 1 cloth Rest well. Only God Knows." Greater Midrand Orlando Pirates supporters branch wrote: "We're saddened to learn of the passing of one of our staunchest and most active supporters Goodenough "5 Skippas" Sithole. Rest In Peace#5Skippas,#OnceAlways,#OrlandoPirates,#MidrandOPFC." You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  Khuze Elikhulu said Mr Goodenough was a good person and was always there for the team and its fans at the stadiums. Fanyana Maziya wrote: "Rest easy 5 Skippas. Once and always a Pirates." Brighton said may his soul continue to rest in eternal peace. He will always remain in our hearts! He touched our souls! Rest in peace 'Is not make sure' and 'for the 5 skippas' https://t.co/uKvUbcm2tg  "Is not make sure. RIP 5 Skippas," Shizniz commented. Bongza said he must continue to rest in peace. 