 The multi-faceted Mome Mahlangu’s brand can best be described as resolute. Even after 16 years in the entertainment industry, Mome has always had to rise against the odds. This week on Famous Friday we had a heart-warming conversation with her, which soberly started with her explaining how she is post her husband’s (Tall-Ass-Mo) traumatic ordeal. “I’m grateful to God and my ancestors that I’m still alive and I’m also grateful that I was able to take care of my mental health, including my family’s mental health for the past three and half years. If I must admit, I’m actually surprised and shocked at us as Africans on how we can crucify someone without all the facts.” Mome further reflected on the very public ordeal. “I actually questioned myself and asked self: Was I crazy? This whole ordeal has taught me to never trust a human being.” Mome critically shared insights about her brand-new book, which also was part of her healing process. “This book, The Depth of Black Love much like my wellness company came from a painful place. A place of hurt a place of almost drowning myself into depression. All this was a result of black love. The black love I talk about in the book is not about aesthetics. The black love I talk about goes beyond the couple goals you see on social media.”  Mome also shared that the book is about oMakhoti and the struggles she encounters in her marriage and relationships with her in-laws, all in the name of loving her husband. She also highlighted that book brings about healing, accepting rejection and putting women first. The book will be launched throughout February the month of love in a series of events and public engagements. Mome also excitedly shared with us the 411 on her weight-loss products: “Mome Wellness uses natural ingredients like Moringa. The product, which is a fat-trapper, allows one to have a better relationship with food whilst nourishing your body. The product is also available on my website, or one follow the information on my Instagram page.” You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Lastly, Mome revealed that 2023 is the year for entrepreneurship and her family will solely be focused on building their empire post the three-year ordeal. Listen to our chat with Mome above! Click on the subscribe button on the top right of our homepage to get our hot, hot newsletter featuring this amazing writer. After you’ve subscribed, you’ll also be able to comment and tell us what you think of this interview, and maybe tell us who’d you like to see as part of our Famous Friday! 