Gauteng Premier Panyaza Lesufi and MEC for Education, Matome Chiloane announced the Gauteng 2022 National Senior Certificate (NSC) examinations results in Soshanguve, Tshwane. The occasion also honored and rewarded the top performing learners with bursaries to study at a South African tertiary institution of their choice in 2023. Chiloane congratulated the province’s tenacious Matric Class of 2022 who achieved an outstanding 84.4% pass rate in the 2022 National Senior Certificate (NSC) examinations, as announced by Basic Education Minister Angie Motshekga on 19 January 2023. “This achievement is a 1.7% improvement from the 2021 matric results of 82.8% and puts Gauteng as the second top performing province in South Africa. Of considerable importance is that all 15 Gauteng Districts performed above 80%, with four districts being part of the Top 10 Performing Districts in the country, having achieved pass rates of more than 85% each,” he said.  ALSO READ: PICS: Mpumalanga’s top matric achiever bags car! He added: “In 2021, 131 schools managed to ace the exams with a 100% pass rate; the figure has risen to 149 schools for the 2022 matric exams.  Similarly, more schools achieved a pass rate of above 95% in 2022 than in the previous year. In 2022 a total of 290 schools achieved above 95%, compared to 265 in 2021,” he said. Premier, Panyaza Lesufi, said all the results don’t belong to them but the teachers. “Let me thank our learners, for them to be here, we are proud and also thank those that went to represent us at the National stage,” he said. Top performing Township school on 3rd Place was Ratshepo Secondary School in the Tshwane North followed by 2nd Placed, Lesiba Secondary School from Ekurhuleni North District and the first place belonged to Letsibogo Secondary School in the Johannesburg West District. The Top performing districts were Johannesburg West inn the first place, Tshwane South in the 2nd place and Gauteng North in the 3rd. Top overall performing learner in Gauteng was Christelle Jones from Hoërskool Randburg in Johannesburg North District and Emily Jane Hawkes from Pretoria High School for Girls in Tshwane South District whom both shared the 1st Place. They were followed by Shriya Ranchod from Shree Bharat Sharda Mandir Independent School in Johannesburg Central District in second and lastly in third was Sibusiso Mathebula from IR Lesolang Secondary School in Tshwane West District.  Jane Hawkes from Pretoria High School for Girls in Tshwane South District got all 7 distinctions in all her 7 subjects that includes English Home Language, Afrikaans First Additional Language, Mathematics, Life Sciences, Physical Science, History, Life Orientation. On the other hand sharing the first place is Christelle Jones from Hoërskool Randburg with distinctions in Afrikaans Home Language English First Additional Language, Mathematics, Life Sciences, Physical Science, Information Technology, Music and Life Orientation. Overall top leaner taking 3rd Place in all Gauteng, Sibusiso Mathebula from IR Lesolang Secondary School in Tshwane said studying wasn’t easy for him. “This came as a surprise. I am very very happy. It was difficult because I am from a poor community that is full of crime and I was also challenged by loadshedding because at times I had to study and the lights would turn off, so it was very difficult for me,” he said. He said even though it was difficult to study in the dark he had to plan.“When the power was off, I would try to find money to buy candles,” he said