EFFORTS have been made in the Eastern Cape to decrease initiation deaths. There were fewer initiate deaths over the summer season, with 22 deaths compared to 49 the previous one. Nkosi Mpumalanga Gwadiso, chairman of the Eastern Cape House of Traditional and Khoi-San Leaders, said the season of ulwaluko came and left with the monitoring and intervention strategy (MIS) having been implemented to the latter, without fail. It lasted from 4 November 2022 to 13 January. “The MIS primarily focused on the promotion of the safety of abakhwetha, curbing and managing circumcision-related complications, injuries and deaths. We conducted workshops in all districts on the application of health standards in a traditional setting including the roles and responsibilities of parents, abakhwetha, iingcibi and amakhankatha,” he said. “More than 50 additional nurses were contracted to assist in the monitoring of amabhuma. A total of 31 791 abakhwetha were visited by our teams, and their efforts continue to make a difference towards the preservation of our age-old tradition,” he added. REGISTER TO COMMENT! Co-operative Governance MEC Zolile Williams said though there was a decline, the deaths of 22 abakhwetha could have been avoided. “Our district monitoring teams were on the ground to monitor, assess and treat initiates for minor illnesses, septic wounds, skin necrosis and dehydration. No child must die in the bush because the practise does not kill. We are disappointed that except the suicide case in OR Tambo and two drowning incidents in Alfred Nzo, the causes of death are associated with dehydration and mismanagement of wounds. Out of 10 deceased abakhwetha in OR Tambo, eight were illegal. Only two initiates were legal, one being the suicide case and another with a history of substance abuse,” Williams said. “Illegal amabhuma must come to an end, and parents must take full responsibility so we do not hear cases of assaults, burn wounds, burnt amabhuma, stabbing and food poisoning.” Williams also called on the police to speed up investigations on reported deaths.