ON 2 January last year, the country woke up to the news that South Africa’s Parliament building was on fire. The fire gutted the National Assembly building, including the chamber where plenary sittings of the 400-member house are held, as well as some parts of the Old Assembly building. As the nation marks the first anniversary of the fire, Parliament spokesman Moloto Mothapo said the presiding officers of Parliament will later this week share with the nation the details of the rebuilding programme, project time-frames, and other relevant information at a press conference. He said as the presiding officers of Parliament stressed in their New Year’s message, the real work of restoring Parliament will intensify this year. Mothapo said the fire caused a collective national trauma that will be etched in the minds of all South Africans for many years. He said after the incident, Parliament was encouraged by acts of patriotism from various sectors of society, which included volunteerism, offers of support, and messages from well-wishers from sister parliaments and other global institutions. “Equally worth remembering was the swiftness with which several government institutions, both at provincial and national levels, reacted to the incident with assistance and support. “We remain indebted to the extraordinary and selfless efforts of the members of the Fire and Rescue Service Department for their prompt response to the fire, who contained the fire from destroying other parts of the building and causing even greater damage,” said Mothapo. He said with this fire crisis, their collective resilience was highly tested, not only as the crucial arm of the state but also as a nation. He said working together with the people of South Africa, they navigated through the unimaginable and forged ahead. Meanwhile, Zandile Mafe was arrested after he was seen leaving the Parliament building during the fire and has been in police custody since his arrest on the same day of the fire on 2 January last year. He faces charges of terrorism, arson, housebreaking, theft, and possession of explosives. He has been denied bail twice by the Western Cape High Court.