A MAN has stabbed a cop to death for searching him. Police spokeswoman Brigadier Athlenda Mathe told Daily Sun that 52-year-old Warrant Officer Ntshidi Marutla was disarmed of his service pistol and fatally stabbed during a stop and search operation in Rosettenville, south of Joburg on New Year’s Day. She said another member also sustained a stab wound and was taken to a nearby medical facility for medical care. “Within hours of the commission of the crime, one male suspect was linked to the murder scene and subsequently arrested by member’s of the Johannesburg Central Police Station,” said Mathe. She further revealed that the suspect was found in possession of the murder weapon and the deceased member’s service pistol. “At the time of his death, Warrant Officer Marutla had 30 year’s service, having joined the organisation in 1992. He was attached to the Moffatview Police Station,” she said. On Monday, 2 December, national police commissioner General Fannie Masemola commended Gauteng police for the swift arrest of a man accused of fatally stabbing an on-duty police officer on New Year’s Day. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  In another case, Gauteng police have launched a manhunt for a group of four men who fatally shot an off-duty police officer at his home on 29 December. Warrant Officer Anton Seeber, a detective attached to the Linden cop shop, was asleep when unknown gunmen entered his home demanding his service pistol. “He was shot and killed and robbed of his personal belongings including his service pistol,” said Mathe. Police are requesting the co-operation of communities in the area to come forward with information to assist in apprehending those responsible for the murder.  Masemola said management of the SAPS are concerned about the ongoing attacks and killing of police officers. “We’re consistently implementing our Police Safety Strategy and Plan to ensure the safety of members on and off duty. Communities need to also come on board and play an active role in handing over or sharing information on known criminals in their communities. Our condolences go to the families, friends and colleagues of our members and a speedy recovery to the injured member,” he said. Daily Sun also tried to speak to the family of the dead cop, but they’ve asked for space to grieve.