JOBURG informal settlement residents plan to erect their mkhukhus again even if the Joburg Metro Police Department (JMPD) comes and removes them. They told Daily Sun that they’ve been suffering for too long and no one is helping them but themselves. Therefore, they said they will do whatever it takes for them to have a roof over their heads, whether people like it or not. Daily Sun has been receiving phone calls from residents, concerned about the growing number of shacks being erected in the CBD. Other Joburg residents believe that these mkhukhus will cause them more problems. “Joburg is already a messed up city with all the criminal activities happening in this place but now this will make things worse and we won’t tolerate it,” said Siyamthanda Ngcobo (46). Another concerned resident said she was mugged two weeks ago passing near those mkhukhus and people just watched as if it was a show. “These people are obviously about themselves and nothing else. It’s infuriating, they need to go and it needs to happen fast,” said Ntombikayise Dlamini (29). Daily Sun also spoke to residents who live in those shacks. They said they’re not going anywhere and asked Joburg residents to start getting used to them.  One man who asked not to be named said he’s been homeless for three years, living under a certain bridge, and now that he has his little home, he won’t let anyone take it away from him. Another resident of the new squatter camp said as long as the government keeps dragging its feet on RDPs, then they’ll put their mkhukhus anywhere they want. “We’re aware that people who live around us don’t want us and we really don’t understand why. They have a roof over their heads, we don’t. So why are they even bothered?” said Given Mkhwanazi (37). He said if the JMPD comes and removes them, they’ll make a plan and erect them again. “We’re not tsotsis. We’re South African residents who can’t afford rent and need places to live. Stop looking at us like we’re a disease,” he added. Another one said he was chased away from his home in Emndeni, in Soweto, after losing both his parents and he’s been on his own since 2019. His brother sold the house and moved to another province. “When my parents died I knew we’d have a problem because my brother and I have always bumped heads so life has been hell,” he said. He told Daily Sun he’s been living at different friends’ places but now that he’s got his own mkhukhu, he’s happy. He’s pleading with the JMPD to not remove them and if they do, then they must find them a home. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  The JMPD spokesman, Xolani Fihla said the matter has been brought to the attention of the JMPD and an operation will be conducted to remove the illegal structures. JMPD is awaiting the participation of PikiTup to assist in removing any additional waste and rubble when the operation is being conducted. 