“DR Frene Ginwala will be remembered as a pioneer of women’s rights.” This was said by President Cyril Ramaphosa during the special official memorial service of the founding speaker of the National Assembly at the Joburg City Hall on Tuesday, 24 January. She died at home in Cape Town on 12 January, at the age of 90, following a stroke two weeks earlier. Government dignitaries, friends and families came to pay their tribute. Ramaphosa said they came to celebrate Ginwala’s remarkable life, and pay tribute to her profound contribution to the cause of freedom, peace and progress. He said they were remembering a life that was as rich in experience as it was in meaning.  “Ginwala played many parts. She was a journalist, an author, academic, barrister and parliamentarian. She was an activist, a feminist, pan-Africanist and internationalist. Yet, no roll-call of her many achievements can adequately describe the person she was nor the impact she made.” He said bidding farewell to her, they needed to recognise that this struggle for equal rights and opportunities for women was far from won.  Ramaphosa said as a society, they had yet to give full effect to the principles of non-sexism and gender equality. “Despite significant progress, women are still under-represented in positions of authority, responsibility and influence across nearly all areas of public life. And despite the progressive policies we have pursued since democracy, they are still over-represented among the poor, unemployed and vulnerable. As Ginwala would remind us, until we have achieved equality between men and women in all spheres of life, we will not be free,” he said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  Activist Barbara Masekela said we had a great example to emulate Ginwala, who had left us with a legacy that was immeasurable. “She shone the light in the darkness of history. We love Ginwala and we endeavour to emulate her,” she said. Struggle Stalwart Mac Maharaj described Ginwala as a formidable organiser who built a network wherever she journeyed. He said she was able to provide means for ANC leaders to find safety so they could regroup during apartheid. Ginwala was laid to rest in a private ceremony earlier this month.