FORMER Bafana Bafana striker Dino Ndlovu says he doesn’t foresee his future in the PSL. Ndlovu told SunSport that he took the offer to play for Turkish Spor Toto 1 League side Boluspor because there were no offers in the PSL. His move also ended speculation that Soweto giants Kaizer Chiefs were chasing after his services. Ndlovu scored on debut to help his new side beat Manisa BBSK 3-1 in the league match following a stint in Asia. This is his second spell in Turkey, having played for Kocaelispor in 2021. Said Ndlovu: “The move happened through my agent. I always had options overseas. That’s why in my previous interviews (with Daily Sun) I said if no South African team avail themselves to sign me, then I am going back abroad. I took the offer abroad because there was no team at all in South Africa.” The 32-year-old said he doesn’t know if he’ll ever don a jersey of any local club again, having now joined his 12th club overseas. He went on: “To be honest, I don’t know if I will ever play in the PSL. I can’t foresee the future. I’ve always said I’m not closing any door for anyone. If an opportunity comes from a PSL team, then why not? But it has to make sense for me and my family.”Ndlovu, who also had a stint with Mamelodi Sundowns and the now defunct Bloemfontein Celtic says his target is to help his new side gain promotion to the Turkish top flight instead of setting personal goals.“No, I don’t have a target of goals. My main priority is to help the team to gain promotion automatically or through play-off system. My team has a high chance of getting promotion, but to win the league it’s really a big mountain to climb. It’s possible, but we are not focusing on that at the moment.”Ndlovu has advised Mzansi’s youth who aspire to follow in his footsteps to spread their wings by joining any European League instead of being choosy to increase their chances of reaching their dream destination.“The advice I can give is always to work hard and when an opportunity for you to go to any European League presents itself, take it as it doesn’t matter which country it is, it will be a stepping stone for your career.” Ndlovu wants to own an ABC Motsepe League side when he retires. “When I retire, I plan to be fully hands on in my businesses and maybe one day I’ll be able to own a team at the ABC Motsepe League to help young players who don’t get opportunities to showcase their talent. I’ll also continue to build my management company,” added Ndlovu.