THE South African National Civic Association (Sanco) in the North West on Thursday, 5 January expressed shock after its provincial organising secretary, Pasture Maremo, died in a tragic road accident involving his Mercedes SUV vehicle and a truck. It is reported that the accident that claimed Maremo’s life occurred on Wednesday night at about 11pm on the R566 and R511 Rosslyn-Brits intersection outside Brits. According to Sanco provincial chairman, Paul Sebegoe, Maremo was reportedly driving from a Sanco provincial executive committee meeting that was held in Rustenburg when he was involved in the fatal collision. “We wish to convey our deepest condolences to the Maremo family, his friends, comrades and communities that he served. We are deeply saddened by the untimely death of Maremo, who was a courageous leader of the civic movement. “He leaves behind a proud legacy of selflessness in community service as a unifier, true patriot as well as a visionary leader,” he said.  Sebegoe said that Maremo was steadfast in his conviction to reposition Sanco as the centre of influence that represents the aspirations of communities for a people centered and community driven development. He pointed out that Maremo, who was also elected councillor and appointed member of the mayoral committee for Health in the Bojanala Platinum District Municipality after the 2021 local government elections, has left an indelible mark. “He has cut his political teeth through trade union activism in the National Union of Metalworkers of South Africa. He will be remembered for his principled leadership and unwavering commitment to collectivism. He was neither a populist nor a factional opportunist. A fitting tribute to this revolutionary cadre who led the vanguard of our communities with passion as well as integrity would be to unite Sanco, defend the unity of the revolutionary alliance, accelerate service delivery for the benefit of our communities and end the carnage on our public roads,” said Sebegoe. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  North West police spokesman Captain Sam Tselanyane said a Mercedes-Benz and a truck collided on R566 road on Wednesday. “A case of culpable homicide has been opened and investigations are continuing” said Tselanyane.