COMMUNITY members of the embattled Emfuleni Local Municipality are suffering because of the fire department. This as trucks either did not have water to extinguish fires or diesel to attend to house fires. Neo Masenya (32) and his sister lost their belongings after their home burnt to the ground on Tuesday, 24 January. Residents tried to extinguish the blaze with buckets of water, but it was too strong. He said Emfuleni Firefighters let his home burn down after saying that their trucks had no diesel. Masenya from Unitaspark in Vereeniging, Vaal, told Daily Sun that he lost everything in the fire that started just after he had left to fix his shop, that had also burnt down last November. THE Palmridge Magistrates Court heard that murder accused Flavio Hlabangwane pursued his lover's friend to be in a romantic relationship with him. This was after he insulted the friend and accused her of trying to sabotage his relationship with his girlfriend, the court heard.  He said he received a call from neighbours, telling him that his mother’s house was on fire and they had tried to call firefighters but were told trucks did not have diesel to come out. And when he arrived home, he found it burning to the ground. He said he also called firefighters, who told him the same thing. He added that though the depot was not far from the house, firefighters allowed it to burn down. And this as he regularly paid his taxes and rates. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  Acting spokesman Mojalefa Radebe said fleet challenges in the municipality came as a direct consequence of the bank account attachment by Eskom since December 2022. “Our day-to-day operations have been severely affected by the attachment, with the municipality battling to process payments for most creditors. It is with great regret to announce that the municipality is facing a shortage in fuel, which is starting to weigh heavily on the provision of services,” he said. He added that in an effort to ensure that no similar incidents happened, the municipality continued to engage the power utility to lift the attachment so service delivery did not get compromised any further. “The municipality remains hopeful that negotiations with Eskom will conclude in favour of the community and service delivery,’ said Radebe.