ROBBERIES in Ekurhuleni have left one person dead and suspects are on the run. Lieutenant-Colonel Orbet Mashalane said on Friday, 20 January, at about 9.30pm, police received a complaint of a shooting in Mayibuye, Tembisa. When the cops arrived, they found people standing outside a spaza shop. A bystanders showed the police the body of a spaza shop owner lying inside the shop. “It’s alleged that four men approached the spaza shop at about 9pm. Two men waited outside and the other two went inside,” said Mashalane. He said the men tried to access the shop, but the security gate was locked even though the main door was open. ALSO READ : Slindile finishes matric at 31 “They pointed the owner with a gun and told him to come and open the security gate. The owner was shot once on the upper body and died,” said Mashalane. The suspects forced entry into the spaza shop and took an undisclosed amount of money. “The suspects then walked out and went towards Mayibuye Park, and that was the last time they were seen,” he said. Police need the SunReaders’ help to find the suspects. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “We are doing everything in our power to find these suspects. But we also request any member of the community with information that can lead to the arrest of these suspects to come forward. They can either visit Rabie Ridge SAPS or call us,” said Mashalane. The spaza shop owner’s family was unavailable for comment. In another incident, a man and his family were robbed on Friday at about 9.20pm. “The complainant alleged that he was coming home from work when he stopped at his place in Phomolong to open a gate so that he could park his car. “After parking his car inside the yard, he took his laptop from the car to his house. When he returned to close the gate, he was approached by a tall man wearing a mask,” said Mashalane. He said the victim asked the man if he could help him with something and told him that the person he was looking for went to a tavern. “The victim was shocked when the suspect pulled out a pistol and pointed it on his forehead. Two other men appeared from inside the yard. One of them had a firearm and the other had a knife,” he said. “The one with a knife pointed it at his stomach and the other one cocked his firearm. One of the suspects started to search him and took his wallet and watch,” said Mashalane. They then took him inside the house where his wife was sitting on the couch. They pointed her with a firearm and took the TV from the wall. The suspects fled the scene and haven’t been arrested yet. Police are also appealing to the community to help them in this case.