AMABHERETE have allegedly shot and killed an off-duty cop, shot his mother and wounded her grandson. Sergeant Bongani Radebe (40) of the Stock Theft Unit died at the scene while his mum Paulinah Ngwana (70) and her grandson Truth Radebe (30) were wounded. More than 30 heavily armed cops arrived at the house in Okkerneutboom outside Acornhoek in Mpumalanga on Friday, 13 January, at about 3am. Bongani’s brother Muxe Radebe (43) said he was asleep when his nephew Collins Radebe (27) called saying cops were at the gate. He ran outside and was told to open the gate. It’s alleged that three amabherete pointed rifles at him, demanding the AK47 which he didn’t have. He said one of the cops allegedly klapped him and knocked him to the ground. “The cop pressed my head against the ground with his boot,” he said. He said Bongani came running out of the house with his service pistol. Bongani threw down his gun and tried to run away. “He ran back with his hands in the air, but one of the cops shouted for him to be pushed down while others shot at him until he died,” said Muxe. “The cops raided the house and shot his mum Paulinah and her grandson Truth in the hip and thigh. “They threw the other people, including Bongani’s dad Anos (69), out of the house and ransacked the house.” Muxe said the cops said they were looking for his son in connection with an ATM bombing. Bongani’s sister Suzan Radebe (46) said: “They also went into the bedroom where my daughter (28) and her sister (35) had been sleeping with their kids.” She said the cops ordered her son Mpilo Ndlovu (20) to get dressed. Mpilo said they allegedly klapped him and cuffed him, demanding the AK47. “The cops said I was going to tell the truth as the AK47 was used in an ATM robbery in Komatipoort and they were looking for my uncle. “They later released me,” he said. The SunTeam visited Paulinah and Truth in hospital. Colonel Donald Mdhluli said an investigation was underway. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “The slain Sergeant was working at Stocktheft Unit whilst the injured member works at National Intervention Unit.The Independent Police Investigative Directorate (Ipid) will carry out their probe,” he said. Ipid spokeswoman Lizzy Suping confirmed they were investigating a case of death due to police action. “The The information at our disposal is that there was no break in at the property and that two people were injured. The deceased who was fatally shot and the National Intervention Unit officer.deceased allegedly fired a shot at the National Intervention Unit officer and he retaliated, fatally wounding the deceased,” she said.