SAMARIA Mthombeni feels the wheels of justice are turning slowly. This is because nothing has allegedly been done since she opened a fraud case against her cousin in September 2018. The 56-year-old woman from Mandela Village near KwaMhlanga, Mpumalanga, turned to the law after her cousin allegedly swindled her out of R100 000 in 2016. But she got an SMS from the cops in December telling her that the case has been closed. ALSO READ:Fraudster bust in R200k rip-off! Samaria said her cousin transferred the money into his account using her phone. The SunTeam saw the bank statement that proves her claims. “I went to the bank with my cousin after my divorce settlement from my husband was paid. We went to the ATM and I asked him to help me withdraw money, and that is how he got my pin number. “When I got the notification on my cellphone, I wasn’t sure about the amount. “I showed it to my cousin and he assured me that I have been paid. “My cousin went to the bank with me, but he kept talking to the bank teller in English. “I asked them to speak in a language I understand, but they continued to speak in English. She said after withdrawing cash, she gave her cousin R200 to thank him for his help. “He followed me home. I put my phone on the table and spoke to a man who was putting in burglars bars at my house. “My cousin later secretly took my phone, logged in and transferred the money without my knowledge. Samaria said she later noticed a money transfer notification on her phone. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “I called him and asked about the transfer and he agreed that he did it. He told me there is nothing I can do. “I have been asking him to return my money, but he refuses,” she said. When I make a follow up on the case, the police send me from pillar to post. “I feel the justice system is failing me.” . Being uneducated also let me down because I have now lost big time “He has built a big house using my money and boasts that there is nothing I can do. Brigadier Selvy Mohlala said:  Samaria opened a case of fraud against her cousin alleging he transferred a total amount of R100 000 to his account without her permission.“The complainant’s cousin was running a MMM investment scheme which the complainant was interested in and invested R100 000 in the scheme. Apparently the scheme became insolvent and the investors lost their money. “The docket was sent to court for a decision and is closed for now. “The investigating officer is now waiting for records of the alleged transfer of R100 000 that was done by her cousin,” he said.