BANYANA Banyana coach Desiree Ellis has started making her plans for what is going to be a hectic year for her and the team. This year the African champions, Banyana, will appear in their second Fifa Women’s World Cup set to be co-hosted by Australia and New Zealand from 20 July to 20 August. For their World Cup preparations, Banyana have been injected with a huge cash boost of R16 million from Fifa. Undoubtedly that will go a long way in helping Banyana before the tournament as they want to go beyond the group stages. So far, Ellis’ plans are still sketchy except that they will play in the Cyprus Women’s Cup scheduled from 13 to 23 February, and she’s planning to get at least six friendly matches against top nations as warm-up games before the World Cup kicks off. The former Banyana captain said opponents for the friendly matches will be announced in due course, and they’ll be similar to Argentina, Sweden and Italy who are in their Group G at the world showpiece. “The first engagement that we will have is the Cyprus Cup. We will also have a camp just before the Cyrus Cup,” Ellis said. “The next Fifa date (for friendly matches) is in April. ‘We are looking at having two opponents that are similar to our opponents that we will be playing in the World Cup. “Then the next Fifa date is only in July, but we are looking at having a short camp in May for the local players because the overseas players are currently active. “At the beginning of July, we begin with our full on preparations, first at home and then in New Zealand. We will also have a friendly match in New Zealand.” Safa technical director Walter Steenbok also confirmed that there will be an addition of two new members in Ellis’ technical team – a technical director and a second assistant coach. The two newcomers were recommended by Ellis and will be announced in the next few weeks. Steenbok added: “In her report, she (Ellis) indicated that she needs a particular person, a woman who is South African and has worked with her. “It was her request and we said let’s get a second assistant because going to the World Cup is big.”