MZANSI’S hopes of hosting the 2027 Fifa Women’s World Cup were given a boost when the Department of Sports Arts and Culture (DSAC) showed their support for the SA Football Association’s plans. According to Safa, Sports Minister Nathi Mthethwa has sent a letter to Safa president Danny Jordaan stating that the department is proud to support the association’s bid to host the event. But in his letter, the minister points out that the letter cannot be considered as an underwriting guarantee of financial commitment from his department. “We wish Safa all the best with the Expression of Interest, and should they be invited to bid, there will be further liaison between Safa, Sascoc and DSAC,” stated the letter. The minster’s support comes on the back of the SA Sports Confederation and Olympic Committee (Sascoc) giving the Safa president a letter of support for the bid last October. “Sascoc fully supports and appreciates such intentions, with focus on addressing women’s development and growth. The recent achievements by Banyana Banyana attest to the commitments from your federation. We are therefore looking forward to Safa making a superb presentation for the opportunity to host the 2027 Fifa Women’s World Cup,” read the letter. Safa will face stiff competition from a number of countries wishing to host the premier women’s event. A confirmed joint bid has been tabled from Belgium, Germany, and the Netherlands. Jordaan said Safa is looking forward to formally launching South Africa’s intention to be a bidding nation. “We look forward to receiving the final bid book requirements from Fifa. “We are saying that the debate as far as the stadiums are concerned is settled. The venues are in place, the training grounds are in place, the accommodation and the roads are in place. “We now await the terms and conditions from Fifa. We believe we have got what is required to host the Fifa Women’s World Cup in South Africa. The success of the World Cup in 2010 in South Africa dispelled pessimism around an African bid,” said Jordaan.