THE Secretary to Parliament, Xolile George, has told the media it will take more than two years before the rebuilding of Parliament is completed. George was briefing the media on Tuesday, 21 February. He provided an update on the details of the reconstruction process of the sections of the buildings that were damaged by the fire that broke out in January last year. He said an assessment of the damage caused was done through agencies appointed by the Department of Public Works and Infrastructure. George said the first multidisciplinary team of engineers took at least three weeks conducting preliminary assessments following the containment of the fire. ALSO READ: Mafe wants nothing to do with psychiatric hospital He said the second assessment team, the Coega Development Corporation, took about seven months to complete their assessment, including quantification of damages and costs. “Talks and negotiations on the restoration project with all stakeholders, chiefly the National Treasury, resulted in the announcement during the Medium-Term Budget Policy Statement of over R2 billion allocation for the rebuilding of the gutted buildings. “It is envisaged that the project will be completed within 24 months and allow a further six months for retention to deal with snags and challenges arising after occupation,” he said. George said: “We are therefore confident that this milestone is the first step in restoring the essential services to a more conducive and responsive environment that will address the much-needed upgrade of the security infrastructure and security.” He also announced a partnership between the Parliament and the Development Bank of Southern Africa (DBSA). He said the partnership will include the refurbishment of burnt Parliament buildings, the Old Assembly building, the link building and National Assembly Building. According to the secretary, the areas of partnership between Parliament and the DBSA for the purpose of this project will include capacity development, technical support and implementation of infrastructure projects. “Parliament implemented business continuity management framework to minimalise disruption of the business of Parliament, including securing alternative venues for the joint sitting of the two Houses of Parliament.” You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “It is therefore envisaged that, through this project, South Africa will have a new Chamber that will fully serve the imperatives of our constitutional democracy, which includes sufficient capacity for joint sittings of the two houses,” he said. George said they remain indebted to the more than 300 men and women from the fire and rescue services who worked tirelessly over 71 hours to contain the fire, thereby saving the rest of the historical buildings of Parliament. A man, Zandile Mafe (49), has since been arrested for arson.