IN 2016, Emmanuel Hare (23) decided to leave school and find a job so that he could provide for himself. It was a decision he thought was for the best and would make life easier at home. But when he realised that he was just wasting his time with the piece jobs he did, he had a change of heart. Emmanuel from Ntuzuma, north of Durban, told Daily Sun that when he realised he needed a matric certificate to at least get some employment. In 2021, he went to J E Ndlovu High School in KwaMashu where he enrolled for grade 11. He said today he’s proud that he went back to school as he got five distinctions for accounting, economics, life orientation, business studies and maths literature. He said he was a little ashamed of going back to school and thought about how other pupils and neighbours would judge him. “But then I realised that I had to do what I really wanted to do and that was to get back to school and get a matric certificate,” he said. He said grade 11 was not easy, especially since he stopped going to school in 2016 when he was just 17, doing grade 10. REGISTER TO COMMENT! “It was so hard that towards the end of 2021, I almost gave up. The reason I wanted to give up was that school was hard but at home it was even harder. My eldest cousin told me that I was old enough to take care of myself and she stopped providing for me and my other cousins. This was hard for me because my mother died and my father had lost hope in me,” he said. He said part of him wanted to go back to doing piece jobs and buy food, but he didn’t give up and kept on going to school. “Persevering was the only option I had. So finally I finished grade 11 and started grade 12 last year. I worked really hard because I had overcome all that challenged me in grade 11,” he said. He said teachers at his school gave him support and made him see that he could do very well if he worked hard. He said they studied on weekends and had operation gonqo, where they studied from 6pm until 6am at school on Saturdays. “Today I’m very proud of myself as I got five distinctions. I also made my father happy because he had lost hope in me. It’s a pity that my mother died when I was still young and she didn’t see this,” he said. He said he applied at the Durban University of Technology for teaching and also at UKZN for teaching as well as for logistics. “I would like to encourage other high school drop-outs to go back and try again,” he said. The matric pass rate at his school increased drastically to 71%, compared to 40% in 2021.