“Our people have lost confidence in what we say. They think
we talk too much and do less.” This was said by Gauteng Premier Panyaza Lesufi as he was
delivering his first State of The Province Address (SOPA) on Monday (20
February). Lesufi said if he had a choice, he would not deliver this
SOPA but instead he would have taken the public to different sites in Gauteng
to showcase the work they have done. “Let me assure you, we will talk less and do,” he said. Speaking on Crime the Premier said in Mzansi said they
survive not because of protection from law enforcement agencies, but by the
grace of God. He said Gauteng is home to heartless and merciless
criminals, as they do as they wish, and if this situation is left unattended it
will be the end of everyone. “So, the issue of fighting crime should be our apex
priority. We should unleash all our resources at our disposal to tackle crime.
To this end, we are increasing our budget of fighting crime from R750 million
to multi-billion in the next three years,” he said. He added that starting from the 1st of April 2023, they will
start to connect suburbs, townships, business districts, schools and other
public places with high-tech, face, and car recognition CCTVs. Addressing the energy crisis Lesufi said it remains one of
the biggest challenges to their accelerated economic recovery. He said Gauteng Province's electricity deficit is focused at
4058 mega volt-amper mps (MVA) in 2025 this is slightly to be highly given
Eskom's inability to generate more from its current fleet. “As Gauteng, we have been working on finding solutions to
the energy crisis. We have established an energy crisis response team that
engages with the National Energy Committee and works with local government and
energy experts,” he said He said to set the ball rolling, as the Gauteng Provincial
Government they are releasing R1.2 billion towards resolving the energy crisis
in Gauteng. “In a few weeks, we will appoint six developers who will
commence the construction of an 800 megawatts solar farm in Merafong. This will
be followed by the installation of rooftop solar panels in government buildings
especially hospitals, clinics and schools,” he said. Speaking on local government Lesufi said collectively, all
local government municipalities in Gauteng owe Eskom R8.6 billion. He said of this R6 billion is owed by Emfuleni Municipality
alone. “We must intervene to assist Emfuleni, a municipality that
has great potential recently, we led a delegation to meet with the officials
and stakeholders of Emfuleni, and Eskom management. Working together with the
municipality, we are developing tangible programmes to assist this municipality
with its challenges by appointing a capable Municipal Manager and Chief
Financial Officer,” he said he added that a municipality that is worrying is the City of
Tshwane, which has deteriorated, is struggling to pay Eskom and the latest
Auditor General report has painted a bleak picture of a collapsing
municipality. “We will intervene in that municipality as a matter of
urgency,” he said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Speaking on the health system in the Province, Lesufi said
the public health system in Gauteng is the largest and most significant in
South Africa. “We strongly believe that the challenges of distribution of
medication, queue management, file management and medico-legal will be
minimised if we invest in the digitisation of our health facilities,” he said. Lesufi also touched on climate change, improving public
schools, refurbishing hostels in the province and also issuing funding and
loans for those who want to start their own tuck-shops and backyard rental. He added that they plan to assist communities with free data
and supply learners who come from struggling homes with dignity packs.