The North Gauteng High Court in Tshwane has sentenced Tshepo Moseneke (35) to two life terms for rape and murder of Annah Laka (31) from Maumong. Tshepo was also sentenced to 10 years imprisonment for arson after he burnt the deceased’s house. Moreover, the judge ordered that the sentence of 10 years should run concurrently with that of one life. ALSO READ: Remove work experience requirements for youth job seekers According to National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) Regional Spokeswoman Lumka Mahanjana on 31 January 2022 while the deceased was sleeping in her house, Moseneke broke in, raped and tied her up. She said thereafter he proceeded to set her house on fire and fled. “The deceased managed to untie herself and escaped but was already severely burnt. She was taken to hospital where she died a few days later as a result of her wounds.” “Moseneke was arrested on 05 February 2022 and has been in custody since, after his family handed him over to the police,” said Mahajana. She added that in court the convict pleaded guilty to the charges and asked the court to deviate from the prescribed minimum sentence because he was remorseful for his action. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments She said in his guilty plea he told the court that on the day of the incident after setting the house on fire, he untied the deceased when he heard her screams. “However, the prosecutor, Advocate Sipho Lelani asked the court to impose a sentence of life imprisonment because the deceased suffered tremendous pain in the hands of the accused, when Tshepo raped, tied and burnt her.” “He further told the court that not only did she suffer, but her family continues to suffer even today,” she said. Through the Victim Impact Statement prepared by the Court Preparation Officer Lebogang Lebese, the family told the court that what Moseneke did brought suffering to the family since he burnt the house, they were left with the responsibility of providing a home for two of her children, aged 15 and 19. “The 15- year-old told the court she has lost her soulmate since the passing of her mother” said Mahajana. She said the judge agreed with the state that there were no substantial and compelling circumstances that exist to deviate from the prescribed minimum sentence. “Furthermore, he said there were no reasonable prospects that Tshepo will rehabilitate.” “After the sentence, the state successfully opposed an application to appeal the sentence brought by the defense,” she said. Mahajana said as the NPA they welcomed the sentence in this gruesome case involving a woman. “We commend the police investigating officer Sergeant Nakedi Zacharia Saasa investigations for putting together valuable evidence to help the prosecutor to secure the conviction and this sentence,” she said. 