TWO thugs have been given a life sentence each for killing a tuck shop owner in Bekkersdal, Gauteng, in 2020. The men entered the shop to demand cellphones and cash. On their way out, they shot and killed the shop owner. Believe Khoza (30) from Spooktown squatter camp and Dumisane Mgolwane (28) of Silvercity in Bekkersdal were arrested in 2020 for murder and robbery. Sergeant Linkie Lefakane of Bekkersdal police said on 28 February 2020, the pair entered a foreign national’s tuck shop in Spooktown and demanded money and cellphones before fatally wounding the owner. “They left with an undisclosed amount of cash and two cellphones,” she said. Lefakane said the matter was reported to the police and through the information they received from the community, the men were identified and arrested on 3 March 2020. “The suspects were apprehended still in possession of the murder weapon and some cash,” said Lefakane. Detective Sergeant Xoli Mantanga was assigned to the case. MADALA PHILLEMON had been dead for a year and it was time to celebrate his life with a tombstone. But nothing could have prepared the Masedi family for what they found when they went to the grave. A HOLE HAD BEEN DUG AT THE GRAVESITE, THE COFFIN HAD BEEN OPENED AND THE BODY WAS GONE!  “The pair, who were charged with murder, aggravated robbery, unlawful possession of a firearm and ammunition were denied bail when they appeared in court,” said Lefakane. She said on 26 October 2022, the men were convicted and found guilty on all charges by the Joburg High Court. They were both sentenced to life imprisonment last Friday. In addition to that, Khoza received 15 years for aggravated robbery, 15 years for unlawful possession of a firearm and a further three years for unlawful possession of ammunition. Meanwhile, Mgolwane received another 15 years for aggravated robbery. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  “The men were further declared unfit to be in possession of a firearm. Both accused’s sentences will run concurrently,” said Lefakane. The district commissioner Major General Fred Kekana praised the prosecution team for the job well done. “This must serve as a deterrent to all criminals that crime does not pay. Justice has been served,” said Kekana.