MISUZULU kaZwelithini will officially open the KZN legislature for the first time after he was announced and crowned as the Zulu king, on Thursday 23 February. Last year king Misuzulu only attended the KZN State of the province address (Sopa) delivered by former premier Sihle Zikalala in KZN legislature but the king didn’t address the house as his father king Zwelithini normally did. KZN legislature speaker Nontembeko Boyce confirmed that during a media briefing held at public works offices about the readiness for the official opening by King Misuzulu and State of the province address Sopa. Sopa will be held at Oval Cricket Stadium in Pietermaritzburg in KZN midlands and it will cost R3,7 million. She said this year the official opening of KZN legislature is divided into two legs, the first will be king Misuzulu’s official opening on Thursday and on Friday will be a Sopa by KZN Premier Nomusa Dube-Ncube. “Last year, king Misuzulu didn’t address the house due to pending the conclusion of government processes in line with applicable legislations. “We are happy to announce that following the coronation of the king in October last year, we will commence with the address by the monarch followed by Sopa,” she said. Boyce said in line with standing rule ten of the standing rules of KZN legislature, the Zulu monarch, king Misuzulu will deliver his inaugural address. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  “We have taken the decision that the address by king Misuzulu should be a dignified and distinguished ceremony for 2 500 attendees this year as we take the advantage that the king will deliver his maiden address. “Also recognizing that the 2021 and the 2022 official openings had limited attendance due to Covid-19 restrictions” she said. She added that they anticipate a dignified and colorful ceremony that prosperity will be proud of. “We therefore confident that we will have a highly dignified and post effective inaugural address by king Misuzulu whom we regards him as the source of wisdom on many important issues ranging from development, social economic and cultural issues in the province,” she said.