IT’S BEEN the longest two months in the life of the young mother. Asanda Yeko (22) from Cape Town told Daily Sun her six-month-old son, Ivakele Yeko, was stolen on 5 December last year while she was at work. She left the child with a woman from her kasi as she had to go to work. She trusted the woman to take good care of Ivakele, but the woman allegedly lost the child when she went to buy booze at a local bottle store. The woman allegedly gave the child to a stranger who was standing with her in the queue. The woman left Ivakele and her own six-year-old daughter with the woman but when she came back, the woman had gone with both children. The six-year-old was found abandoned along the N2 about 30 minutes later. Daily Sun spoke to the woman and she said she was in the queue to buy booze for her and her boyfriend. She said there was a woman in front of her who was very friendly. “When it was my turn to get inside the shop, the woman offered to look after the baby for me,” she said. “I agreed because she was friendly and I trusted her. But when I came back from the shop, she was nowhere to be found. “I was confused. I ran around the place looking for her but I couldn’t find her. She said she asked the people who were outside if they had seen her. “The people outside told me that she went to buy ice for the six-year-old,” she said. “My wish is for the child to be found.” You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Asanda said she had been struggling to sleep, wondering what was happening to her baby. “When he went missing, he was only wearing a vest. I don’t know what he is wearing now or what he is eating. “I don’t even know what they are doing to him,” she said. Asanda said Ivakele’s older brother is asking her about the whereabouts of the baby. “On Christmas Day, Ivakele’s Christmas clothes were in the house and the brother kept on asking questions which I couldn’t answer,” she said. She said she went to izangoma and was told the baby was still alive but they couldn’t tell her where he was. Police spokesman Warrant Officer Joseph Swartbooi said: “The investigation is still underway. The investigating officer who is attached to the Nyanga Family Violence, Child Protection and Sexual Offences Unit is pursuing all available leads.“Anyone with information must please call CrimeStop on 08600 10111.”