A MASS shooting in the congested KwaMashu Hostel in the north of Durban on Wednesday, 1 February, has left four people dead and five others injured. Hostel dwellers said it was the middle of the day when suddenly gunshots went off. It is said that about 20 heavily armed gunmen opened fire around the hostel as the victims were found in different areas. It’s still not clear why the shooting happened but it’s suspected that it could be gang related. Those who were on the road were seen ducking for cover while others ran back into their shacks. Others who were in their shacks had to hide underneath their beds until the shooting stopped. A hostel dweller told Daily Sun that he was in his shack sleeping, as he works the night shift, when the shooting started. “I was awoken by gunshot sounds. Fortunately my shack was locked and I stayed inside because I was scared that if I got out I was going to get shot,” he said.  “This hostel is known for such things. This is because there are different people who live here. There are those who stay because they want to be closer to work and there are those who are here to hide from the police. They know very well that it’s not easy to find someone because of the congestion,” said the shack dweller. Another shack dweller said he didn’t see the gunmen because when he heard the gunshots he also ran into his shack. “I don’t even know the people that were killed. Police should patrol this hostel very often and they should come in big numbers. This hostel is huge and a lot of crime suspects hide here,” said the shack dweller. KZN police spokesman Colonel Robert Netshiunda confirmed the matter, saying three people were allegedly shot and killed at KwaMashu Men’s Hostel on Wednesday afternoon. The fourth victims succumbed to gunshot injuries at a local clinic. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  “Five more people have been rushed to a clinic with gunshot wounds. It is reported that at least 20 armed suspects stormed into the hostel and opened fire on the victims. Police are investigating cases of murder,” said Netshiunda.