THE six suspects who were arrested on Friday night, 27 January, for smuggling R12 million worth of illicit cigarettes into South Africa using a gas tanker, have been remanded in custody. They appeared before the Marble Hall Magistrates Court in Limpopo on Monday, 30 January, facing charges of possession of suspected stolen goods and smuggling of illicit cigarettes into Mzansi from a neighbouring country. The foreign national suspects are due to appear in court again on Monday, 6 February, for bail application. Their arrest comes after police received information about suspects who were busy offloading illicit cigarettes from a gas tanker into cargo trucks at a farm in Toitskraal outside Marble Hall. Limpopo police spokesman Colonel Malesela Ledwaba said cops responded swiftly and managed to apprehend the suspects. “Six suspects were arrested after being found loading illicit cigarette from a gas tanker into two cargo trucks at Toitskraal outside Marble Hall,” he said. The tanker, which was being escorted by a white Toyota Auris, was allegedly from Musina while the two cargo trucks were reportedly from Gauteng. “The illicit cigarettes, together with the vehicles used to transport the consignment, were confiscated,” said Ledwaba.  Meanwhile, police in Vhembe district have made a breakthrough in the mysterious disappearance of a woman (33) and a man (40) who went missing in February and July last year, respectively. This is after they managed to arrest five suspects for the kidnapping and murder of the two, whose bodies were located and exhumed at different locations over the weekend. Brigadier Motlafela Mojapelo said the woman was kidnapped, tortured, killed and buried in a shallow grave after she reportedly refused to surrender a property in Makhado. He said the man was a victim of mob justice and had reportedly been kidnapped from his home in Tshilwavhusiku after being accused of stealing copper cables. Investigations revealed that the victims were buried in shallow graves at Rathidili and Ha-Madodonga villages outside Thohoyandou. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  “Two of the suspects were already in custody for murder and other serious crimes. The other three were cornered at their hideout in Mahwelereng and apprehended. They are expected to appear in the Tshilwavhusiku Magistrates Court soon,” added Mojapelo.