A SENIOR investigator at the Public Protector's office has asked for protection after he received a threatening message from a member of the public. The text message was sent to Rodney Mataboge on Tuesday night, 21 February after he gave evidence at Parliament's Committee for Section 194 Enquiry into suspended Public Protector Advocate Busisiwe Mkhwebane's fitness to hold office. The message accused him of being a dishonest person attempting to produce a negative report against the sender. Committee chairman Qubudile Dyantyi said the committee decided that the message be flighted for the public to see and reveal the person who sent it. ALSO READ -Madala blames Eskom for ‘divorce’! The message read, in part: "Mr Rodney Mataboge, I have been waiting patiently to listen to your testimony of Section 194 in Parliament. I am Mokgele Mojaki, you were hell-bent on producing an adverse report on me in Ngaka Modiri Molema." The message further stated that Mataboge failed to substantiate his "shenanigans" in court. Mojaki said he hoped the witness was exposed as he was live on TV for the world to see. "Karma is a b****h. I have been patiently to see you exposing yourself (sic)", continued the message. Dyantyi said the committee condemned the message and members have asked the legal team to look into the message and see if it constitutes threat or intimidation. He said the work of the committee was being impeded by sending this message to the witness. "We need to follow that up. The committee has asked the secretary of the committee to call the person to put whatever that he has in writing to this committee and desist from interacting with the witness," said Dyantyi. He lamented the time wasted dealing with side issues that delayed the work of the committee. The committee has set aside 10 days to hear Mkhwebane's testimony, which will start on 15 March. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments It is expected to wrap its work on 28 April and thereafter send its report, which will contain a recommendation to the National Assembly on whether Mkhwebane should be removed or not. Her seven-year term in office comes to an end this year. Mataboge will continue his testimony on Thursday, 23 February. 