A SERIAL rapist wearing women’s clothes, a weave and a balaclava is targeting women at Vanderbijlpark cemetery in the Vaal. He pounces on his victims and rapes them on top of tombstones at knife point. Police spokesman Captain Fikile Funda warned the public that the suspect preys on women who are walking alone in the graveyard. A 33-year-old woman from Sasolburg told Daily Sun that on 18 January this year, she visited her parents’ graves at the cemetery. She said as she was about to leave, a man, pretending to be a woman, came from nowhere. She said the man was wearing women’s clothes and a weave. The woman said the man took out an Okapi knife, threatened to kill her if she screamed, told her to lie down on one of her parents’ tombstones and started to rape her. She said she had gone to her parents’ graves with her CV to ask for a better job, not knowing that she would end up being raped. The traumatised woman said she wishes that the rapist can be arrested before she rapes and kills other women. Police spokesman Captain Fikile Funda said another victim is a 22-year-old Sedibeng College student from Sharpville. The woman said she was on her way home when the suspect wearing women’s clothes, a weave and a balaclava approached her. He said he took out a knife, dragged her into the graveyard and threatened to kill her if she screamed. She said he raped her on a nearby tombstone and fled. Funda confirmed that police have opened a number of rape cases from the victims of this suspect since January. As a result of this, girls and women are warned not to visit the cemetery alone or use open spaces with long grass as a shortcut to their destinations. You must be SIGNED IN to comment! “We are appealing to the residents to assist us in arresting the suspect who is terrorising the community at the graveyard. The only information we have now is that the suspect wears women’s clothes, a weave and a balaclava to hide his face,” said Funda. He urged residents who may have seen the suspect or witnessed the crimes to come forward.