WHEN Boitumelo started her own day care centre, she didn’t know it would be loved like this in her kasi. Now, Boitumelo Magobosha (35) from Lethabong in Mamelodi, east of Tshwane, has 78 kids in her one- roomed Wendy house Smarties Day Care. She told Daily Sun that her kids are overcrowded and now they can’t fit in her Wendy house. She said loving and working with kids is in her DNA. What is fascinating about Boitumelo is that she also takes care of kids whose parents are not working, saying that allows parents to look for jobs while she is taking care of their kids. “This is a curse but a nice curse because I enjoy working with kids and I grew up helping my grandmother. She also had a day care and I fell in love with teaching kids,” she said. She said she didn’t open the centre for money only. “It’s because I love what I do and I am passionate about kids,” she said. She said the community loves her work. “Parents bring their kids here because since I have opened this centre, kids are kept here safe,” she said. She said that she needs help with her centre.  “There are many kids but now they don’t all fit in the room. When it rains like it has been, some parents come and take their kids because they can’t all fit in the room,” she said. She said some parents don’t pay. “There are other kids who come here for free because I understand that their parents don’t have money and are not working but still those parents need to go out and seek work, so I take care of their kids for free,” she said. Boitumelo said she has two workers. “We are three here and I can’t find more teachers because we don’t make a lot of money,” she said. Worker Nomasonto Mathole (30), said she loves her job. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “This is a great opportunity, and I am thankful for this job as well as the experience I am getting,” she said. She said Boitumelo has been a Good Samaritan to the community. “Most kids here come for free and not everyone can do that. This woman has a beautiful heart,” she said. One parent, Bokang Bogatsu (34), said she does piece jobs and when she’s at work her daughter is well taken care of at the day care. “Some months I can’t pay but Boitumelo understands, and she would never say that my child mustn’t come,” she said.