THE IFP has suspended an Alfred Duma Municipality councillor over an alleged sex for job scandal. The party's national spokesman, Mkhuleko Hlengwa, said the councillor from the municipality in Ladysmith, KZN, was suspended from the party with immediate effect. He was also directed to take leave as a councillor after he was accused of demanding sexual favours from municipal workers in exchange for permanent jobs. “The speaker of Alfred Duma Municipality is directed to ensure that service delivery is not adversely impacted in the affected ward,” said Hlenga. “The affected councillor will appear before the NEC at a special meeting scheduled to sit no later than 5 March 2023. The IFP reaffirms the rights of women in the workplace to perform their jobs free from harassment and intimidation,” he said, adding that they took the allegations seriously and were investigating.Meanwhile, residents held a meeting on Monday, 27 February, where they called for the removal of the councillor. They said if he wasn't removed, they would embark on a protest. In the audio clip that has been shared on social media, the man in the clip can be heard promising a female municipal worker employment before they indulge in sexual activity. ALSO READ: IFP councillor accused of TLOF-TLOF misconduct! One of the residents said they heard in the meeting that the ward councillor allegedly operated like a sex predator.“As residents, we agreed on an urgent need for the councilor to step down as he was no longer a true community representative. We have also agreed that the councillor abused his office, and that there was no longer any trust between him and residents, especially women,” she said. Meanwhile, the municipality said they had noted with great concern a voice note that was making the rounds on social media.“In light of this, the municipality is currently conducting an internal investigation on the matter, in an attempt to identify the female victim in the clip,” said spokeswoman Thabisile Mkhize.Mkhize said the municipality condemned any kind of abuse against women. She said they found it very disturbing to find that people were allegedly being coerced into sexual acts for job opportunities.“This municipality does not put its vacancies up for sale. We take the trust given to us by the people very seriously and we cannot hide this culprit, who is abusing the name of our municipality to conduct their self-serving behaviour.” 