A FORMER Co-operative Governance and Traditional Affairs (Cogta) director Selby Mogakane (51) was gunned down by three unknown men in a hijacking. The incident happened when he arrived at his home in Shatale near Bushbuckridge, Mpumalanga, on Monday, 6 February, at around 9pm. Cogta spokeswoman Neliswa Chiloane confirmed that Mogakane is a former employee. She said: “Yes, we can confirm that Selby Mogakane is no longer with the department. He resigned last October according to our HR records.” Brigadier Selvy Mohlala confirmed the shooting. He said police received a report of a person who had been shot in Shatale. “On arrival at the scene, they found the person lying inside the house in the passage. He was identified as Selby Kgothatso Mogakane (51). A number of empty cartridges were found on the scene. ALSO READ: Ukhozi FM presenter’s kidnapping trauma! “According to the information received, the deceased was driving a grey Audi with registration number DZ 18 MF GP. He was on his way home when he noticed a red Jetta following him. He got home and got out of the car. Three unknown males from the Jetta also got out and started shooting at him. They drove away with his vehicle. All role players attended the crime scene and the victim was certified dead by medical personnel,” he said. Mogakane’s family declined to comment. Mogakane and his wife Ludres Salmao Ngoveni (36) were expected to reappear in the Mpumalanga Division of the High Court in Graskop in June for trial continuation. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments They had earlier been arrested and pleaded not guilty to counts of rape, assault and human trafficking two minors aging 13 and 15, who are originally from Mozambique. The victims, who are also cousins to Mogakane’s wife, told the court how they were trafficked from their home in Mozambique into Mzansi, where they were allegedly raped and assaulted by the accused in their houses in Centurion, Gauteng, and Shatale in Mpumalanga between 2019 and 2020. The Bushbuckridge Magistrates Court had released Mogakane on R20 000 bail and Ngoveni on R6 000 bail. Anyone with information that can assist with the investigation of the case is asked to call Lieutenant Colonel Christopher Mashego at 082 4691 298.