Firearms, detonators, and money were some of the items seized by law enforcement agencies during the arrest of ATM bombers in Leslie, Mpumalanga. Mpumalanga police Brigadier Selvy Mohlala said an intelligence operation that was executed by Secunda Crime Intelligent Unit, Mpumalanga Provincial Task Team, Ermelo Tracing Team and Leslie Visible Policing led to the arrest of six suspects possibly linked to an ATM bombing at one of the businesses areas in Leslie on Wednesday, 08 February. ALSO READ: PICS: Search on for armed robbery suspects! He said according to information, there were about twenty heavily armed suspects who were using three vehicles, a Brown and Cream White Toyota Siyaya mini-bus and two light motor vehicles a Silver Grey VW Polo and White Toyota Corolla. “Preliminary investigation revealed that the 31-year-old mastermind, who is currently renting a room in Spruitview, Ekurhuleni Gauteng, managed to assemble a team of criminals from Tokoza, Zonkizizwe and Soweto to execute the robbery.” “Police worked tirelessly in gathering information about the vehicle which used during the bombing,” he said. Mohlala said it was also revealed that three suspects, believed to be co-planners, were spotted driving around the targeted business area on Monday, using the same Toyota Corolla that was involved in the robbery. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments He said after the crime was committed, information was gathered which led to the arrest of the suspects, the recovery of the stolen money, explosives used to detonate the ATMs and firearms and ammunitions. “Further information will be gathered as investigation continues and police hope to make more arrests soon,” he said. The Provincial Commissioner of the SAPS in Mpumalanga, Lieutenant General Semakaleng Manamela applauded the sterling work and cooperation amongst all four different police disciplines. She warned those targeting the ATM's that police in Mpumalanga will not leave any stone unturned when it comes to investigation and promised to bring all perpetrators to book. 