Eskom chief executive officer Andre de Ruyter will be stepping down with immediate effect. The power utility announced that following the convening of a special board meeting on 22 February, the Eskom board and de Ruyter reached mutual agreement to curtail his notice period to Tuesday, 28 February. The board further resolved that De Ruyter will not be required to serve the balance of his notice period but that he will be released from his position with immediate effect. Eskom spokesman, Sikhonathi Mantshantsha said: “Acting Group Chief Executive arrangements are being finalised with the shareholder minister and will be communicated shortly.” #ESKOM #MEDIASTATEMENTAndrè de Ruyter leaves Eskom with immediate effect pic.twitter.com/pCZcYmcV0d  De Ruyter’s immediate exit from Eskom comes after his interview on e.tv where he leveled serious allegations against the governing party and their involvement in the collapse of the struggling power utility. In an interview on e.tv’s 'My guest tonight with Annika Larsen', which was aired on Tuesday, 21 February, De Ruyter also spoke about the law enforcement incompetence and corruption affecting the state-owned enterprise. De Ruyter labeled Eskom as an alleged feeding channel of the ANC, stating that evidence indicates this is the case. He said he has expressed his concern to a senior government minister (which he did not name) about attempts to water down governance around the $8.5 billion (R154 billion) which they got at COP26 last year. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments He said: “The response was essentially, ‘you know, you have to be pragmatic in order to pursue the greater good, you have to enable some people to eat a little bit." He also told the show that he was under the surveillance by State Security Agency (SSA) and they even followed him to the COP26. He went further to accuse the ANC of having an outdated socialist mindset and their focused being solely on winning elections rather than long-term stability. He said they want what will win them the next election not what will keep the country going for the next two decades. “I think that balance has been disturbed by turning Eskom into a state-owned entity under the direct control of the Department of Public Enterprises (DPE),” He added that department has played a very interfering role and micromanagement even, at Eskom. De Ruyter was still serving his notice period until the end of March after his resignation in December last year and Eskom has since advertised his position to the public. 