PARENTS are gatvol of a lazy teacher at their kids’ school, so they decided to take the law into their own hands. They chased the teacher out of Impendulo Primary School in Mamelodi, Tshwane on Friday, 24 February. According to the parents, the alleged teacher was always on the phone, out of the classroom smoking and didn't bother to teach his pupils.  ALSO READ - Why young ithwasa ‘banned from school’  When the School Governing Body (SGB) and parents learnt of this, they decided to sit down with the teacher. But it’s alleged that the teacher's attitude angered them. Parent Martha Kgaditsi said the teacher didn't even sit down in the meeting. "He refused to listen, told us we didn't employ him and that he would only answer to his employer before storming out and banging the door of the classroom we were in," she said. Martha said they felt disrespected and had to decide in the teacher's absence. "We arrived at eight in the morning on Friday because we know he does as he pleases and always comes late to school. He found us at the gate and we blocked him. He had no choice but to go away because we no longer want him around our children," she said. Another parent, Nina Mahlangu, said the teacher bombarded their children with homework. "It was piles and piles of homework. When we asked our kids, they told us that the teacher hasn't taught them since the year began. Even parents whose kids were in his classroom last year complained," she said. She said they suspected that the principal was scared of the teacher, so they had to intervene. REGISTER TO COMMENT Gauteng education spokesman Steve Mabona said the department was aware of an incident where a teacher tried to gain access to the school and some residents turned him away. “Accordingly, we met the said teacher on Monday, 20 February to establish the facts. We are also in the process of engaging with the SGB and principal for necessary investigations. "We urge community members to use available structures to raise issues of concern,” he said.