ON Saturday morning, SunMan Raymond Morare found himself driving on a dusty road between the bushes near the remote village of Senotlelo, Mpumalanga. Raymond was assigned to cover a horror story about the killing of an eight-year-old girl and three people who were allegedly stoned to death. “I finally got to the remote village,” he said. “There was nobody in sight except a woman walking towards a shop with a cold drink bottle in her hand.” When he asked about the girl the woman’s face changed. She pointed across the street and said: “It should be there.” Raymond went to the house. “I found people there, greeted them and sat down. There was pain visible on their faces. Some could not even make eye contact with me,” he said. “The family suggested that we go to the Tribal Authority offices where community members were already having a meeting. I agreed to going there, little did I know I was walking into a very volatile situation,” he said. Raymond said a family member immediately approached a council members and whispered into his ear, and then the man raised his hand demanding silence from the angry villagers who had gathered. A hostile silence had descended. A cold feeling of brutal death hung in the air. “Introduce yourself and tell us why you are here,” demanded one of the council members. “I introduced myself and then questions started hitting me. “Who called you here? Who are you working for? What do you want? Prove that you are from the media! “I gave them proof that I was from the People’s Paper and even calls were made to prove it,” said Raymond. “The council member told me I needed to address the king himself, but I had to pop out money as the king doesn’t talk to strangers for free.” When he told them he didn’t have money, the council member went inside. When he came back, he said the king did not want to talk to him. “He said we must decide,” said the member. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “My body started shaking as the men told me I must give them space as they were discussing my fate.” Raymond said as he sat there he heard one man saying, “that guy is going to get us into trouble”. He tried to remain calm and held himself together until their short meeting was over. “The men asked for my phone and told me to delete any pictures I could have in their area. The car I was travelling in was searched. I was searched and released,” said Raymond. They told him to never set foot in the area because they “don’t have anything to talk to me about”. “As I got in the car and drove slowly out of the village, I took a deep breath, grateful that I was still alive and in one piece,” he said.