THE discovery of the body of an eight-year-old girl inside a pit toilet led to the killing of three adults, allegedly by angry residents of Senotlelo in Vaalbank, Mpumalanga. The incident happened on Saturday, 18 February. According to the police a boyfriend (53), his girlfriend (51) and her son (32) were reportedly stoned to death. The incident emanates from the disappearance of Nomsa Sambo (8), whose family reported her missing to the police on Sunday, 12 February. ALSO READ: Two contractors bust for cable theft! Police spokesman Brigadier Selvy Mohlala said shortly after the little girl was reported missing, information emerged about a man who had allegedly been seen carrying her to his house. “The police followed the information and took the suspect in for questioning. A kidnapping case was opened to that regard. However, the man denied all the allegations. There was insufficient evidence by then to charge him hence he was later released,” said Mohlala. In a twist of events, information surfaced in the early hours of Saturday, 18 February that the missing child was inside a pit toilet at the residence of the suspect that had been released by the police. When police and the rescue team arrived at the scene, they found three bodies – two males and one female, on the street. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “The bodies reportedly had serious injuries which suggest that they could have been stoned and the medical personnel came to the scene as well where they were certified dead. “Police also discovered that two vehicles, a Ford Bantam as well as a VW Jetta 4, were burnt to ashes. The child was eventually retrieved from the pit toilet and she was unfortunately certified dead as well,” he said. The three victims have since been identified as Zele Papo Machika (53), Pauline Maubane (51) and Thabo Maubane (32). Mohlala said a case of kidnapping has since been changed to murder. Meanwhile, police are also investigating three counts of murder with regards to the three adults that were murdered. No one has been arrested so far.