A MEMORIAL service was held for primary school teacher Thabo Maubane and his mum on Wednesday, 22 February. The 32-year-old Thabo and his mum, Paulina Maubane, from Senotlelo near Vaalbank in Mpumalanga, along with the mum's boyfriend (53), were stoned to death by angry community members last weekend. This was after the body of an eight-year-old girl was found inside their pit toilet. Speaking at the memorial held at Vezubuhle Community Hall in KwaMhlanga, Thabo's aunt Lucia Maubane (60) said she was shattered. "I can't eat because I have lost appetite for food. I only drink water. I can't even sleep at night," she said. "Thabo and Pauline died for nothing. I can't speak for the boyfriend. Thabo was visiting his mother when he found a group of community members gathered at his mother's house. He asked what was happening and that is why he was killed," she said. ALSO READ -Zulu royal drama - ‘I’m scared, my life is in danger’ "Thabo was a good man. He was born and raised in that community. He built his mother a very big house. He was taking care of his two siblings. The whole family is very heartbroken. We ask for prayers so that we can be able to forgive and gain strength, but we can't forget," she said. Lucia said Thabo, who was a teacher at Makerane Primary school in Vezubuhle, and his mum will be buried on Saturday morning, 25 February, in Senotlelo. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments The South African Democratic Teachers Union's provincial secretary in Mpumalanga, Walter Hlaese, said they are very saddened. "We mourn the loss of our member and it is regrettable that community members resort to solve problems in this manner. Even though this didn't happen at school, we wish the law to take its course. We also send our deepest condolences to both families of the teacher and the little girl. Community members should learn to put their trust in the law," he said. Vezubuhle Ward Councillor David Mokoena said community members are angry about what happened. "This is the third teacher to die at the school. Already there was a gap that needed to be filled. His death will derail teaching and learning at the school. He was loved by the kids and was also a people's person," he said. Brigadier Selvy Mohlala said no arrests have been made yet, but investigations continue.