MEMBERS of a number of unions drove to the gates of Imvula Security Group to demand money they claimed was fraudulently deducted from their salaries. The members, from Abanqobi Workers Union, Kungwini Amalgamated Workers Union, National Union of Metalworkers of South Africa (Numsa), and South African Transport and Allied Workers Union (Satawu), chanted struggles songs while carrying placards outside the offices in Woodmead near Sandton yesterday, 14 February. Philemon Bhembe of Satawu told Daily Sun they came to the offices to deliver a memorandum of demands. He said it had been revealed Imvula Group, through its subsidiary Imvula Quality Protection, purports to be the designated health service provider. This is according to the Main Collective Agreement (MCA) of the National Bargaining Council for Private Security Sector thus creating a misrepresentation to its employees, allegedly in an attempt to defraud the workers. READ: ZIYAKHALA: Guards demand salaries! Bhembe said deductions had been made under the disguise of providing them with medical care benefits provided by Affinity Health. He said the unions would probe, expose and take to task the companies that continued to undermine the MCA. He alleged more than R7,5 million was deducted from the salaries of security officers per month across the industry. “The money is channelled into the pockets of greedy bosses instead of the designated service provider,” said Bhembe. “Our demands are for Imvula to immediately pay back all the money deducted for healthcare benefits.” Bhembe said they demand that Imvula stop pretending they were the designated service provider. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “This conduct’s unlawful and in violation of the MCA,” he said. He said they wanted Imvula to register all its officers with the designated service provider to ensure they received their healthcare benefits. Imvula Group CEO Brenda Reddy said the matter was delicate, and she needed to consult with her legal team before responding.