THE killings of KZN traditional leaders who are close to King Misuzulu Zulu is continuing and it is starting to be serious. This is after the leader of King Misuzulu’s regiments, Induna David Mkhize, was shot and killed at his home in Mbumbulu, south of Durban, on Monday night. Mkhize’s last major assignment was when he led Amabutho from Mbumbulu to the Battle of Isandlwana commemoration held in Nquthu last month. Many of King Misuzulu’s supporters have been gunned down. Induna Dumisani Khumalo was shot dead in September last year, followed by Induna Cuphisa Ntuli in October and Prince Mbongiseni in November. King Misuzulu’s PA, Prince Thami Zulu told Daily Sun that he will not comment about this as the royal house has not yet appointed the king’s spokesman since Prince Thulani Zulu resigned in December. KZN MEC for Arts and Culture Amanda Bani-Mapena has condemned the killing of Mkhize. “Killing leaders and those entrusted with culture in our province is sad. We called Mkhize a cultural powerhouse, saying his exemplary leadership of Ubuhle beMbumbulu/Umhlabuhlangene cultural regiments was something to behold. “Induna Mkhize was one of the leaders who believed in social cohesion and worked together with the department in many projects, including of Izingoma zangoDecember,” she said. Bani-Mabena said Umhlabuhlangene is one of the most loved and cherished regiments from eThekwini known for their red headgear, special cowhides, hair-raising drills and evocative traditional war cries and hymns. “The regiments are admired by the royal household. We are reeling in shock as Induna Mkhize led the regiments during the 44th commemoration of the Battle of Isandlwana in Nquthu under the Umzinyathi District. “If you silence voices that carry so much cultural relevance, you are actually killing culture itself. This senseless killing is a war against culture and it is unacceptable. Izinduna zamabutho are the actual conduits of culture through whom we replicate who we are,” she said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments She conveyed her deepest condolences to the Mkhize family, Ubuhle beMbumbulu/Mhlabuhlangene group and the whole nation. “Induna Mkhize was a true reflection of isihlangu seSilo (shield of His Majesty) in his area working with Induna Gobizizwe Makhanya,” she said.