ALL THEY ever did was try to make a living from running a pavement car wash. They certainly didn’t steal the Polo fog lights as they were accused. BUT, THE FOUR FRIENDS WERE SUDDENLY FACING A BRUTAL BEATING – AND ONLY ONE SURVIVED! The friends were working at their pavement car wash on Immink Road, Soweto, on 21 January when they were accused of stealing the lights from a VW Polo. They tried to explain that they didn’t take the lights, but their pleas fell on deaf ears. The mother of one of the murdered men, Petunia Letsheli, said her son, Katlego Letsheli (25), told the angry men that all he did was wash cars and had never stolen anything. “He even suggested that they come and search his house, but they didn’t want to hear about it. They beat him up, then took him and his friends to a bush between Orlando and Pimville,” said Petunia. She said the man who survived only did so because he acted dead after they beat them up. Aunt Portia Zulu told Daily Sun that one of the deceased managed to tell them what happened before he died. “He said the attackers shoved him into the boot of the car. He heard them on the phone and the man on the other end ordered them to kill them,” said Portia. He was dumped somewhere and left for dead, but managed to walk until he got to Katlego’s home. He died later that day. BEING HELD down while your 4-5 is being sliced gives a man great physical power to get away. Fighting with all the power in his body, Mpho Baloyi managed to fight himself free from the woman and her lover. MPHO IS IN SHOCK AT THE SLICING OF HIS 4-5 - AND VERY GRATEFUL IT WASN'T DICED AS WELL!  “We’ve given police the information that could easily help with apprehending these men, but nothing is happening.” She said there were cameras all over that street, but the police had not even gone to any of those places to ask for footage. “We went to a pub owner, who told us that his cameras were showing clear footage of the men who took the boys. But when we went to him again, he said his phone had crashed.” Portia emphasised that all they wanted was justice and for cops to arrest the suspects. “Boys in Diepkloof are murdered every weekend. It’s a scary thing,” she said. Gogo Moogo Letsheli described Katlego as a young man who was loved by everyone and never stole anything. “We’re hurt. We want justice for our boy,” said the gogo. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments The one man who survived has been moved away from Diepkloof by his family as they fear for his life. The relatives of the other two men who died are still traumatised, and declined to speak to Daily Sun. Gauteng police spokesman Lieutenant-Colonel Mavela Masondo said the matter was being investigated. “A case of murder is being investigated and no arrests have been made yet,” said Masondo. 