AS Gauteng Premier Panyaza Lesufi prepares to deliver his first State of the Province Address (Sopa) this evening, less than six months after he replaced David Makhura, some political parties have advised that he shouldn’t attempt to announce populist plans but focus on basic needs. Lesufi will be delivering his address, where he will be highlighting the achievements his administration has achieved since the previous Sopa in 2022. He’ll also give details to the plans they have for Gauteng residents. ActionSA Gauteng leader Bongani Baloyi said Lesufi should focus on getting the basics right such as economic recovery, crime, and corruption. He said the premier should also not seek to use his maiden Sopa as an attempt to separate himself from Makhura, as he was part of the former premier’s Cabinet when Covid-19 PPE corruption occurred, was there when Life Esidimeni occurred where 144 died, and he was there when whistle-blower Babita Deokaran was killed. “It will furthermore be impossible for Lesufi to radically change budgets and performance plans with national and provincial government elections roughly a year away,” Baloyi said. Baloyi said they, therefore, urge Lesufi to focus on the basics by announcing a comprehensive post-Covid results. “Among these may include using the existing expanded public works programme (EPWP) to provide work opportunities to more people, especially young people, to help fix the potholes in our roads, clear public spaces and improve service delivery. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  “A provincial strategy to address load shedding should also be announced as it is one of the biggest obstacles for the provincial economy, while corruption investigations should be completed and unethical public servants should be held accountable,” he said. Baloyi said that the e-tolls question should finally be resolved by possibly using the gantries as a traffic enforcement tool, and the spiraling crime rate in the province should be addressed by, among others, partnering with community policing forums. DA Gauteng leader Solly Msimanga said they expect Lesufi to outline exactly how many of the promises he made when he was elected to lead the province have been fulfilled, and what tangible difference this has made to the lives of the residents. “Our service providers, particularly those who do business with the Department of Health, don’t receive payment for their services on time. This means that our hospitals will have essential services withheld because service providers are not paid on time,” said Msimanga. “In terms of upgrading Township Informal Settlements and Hostels (TISH), we need to see the entire province prioritised, not just a certain section. Furthermore, more support needs to be given to our municipalities that are in dire state.”