A SOCIAL worker who allegedly assaulted a mentally ill mother has been arrested, thanks to SunPower. This after she allegedly took away the woman's 14-year-old daughter and left the mum with expired food. The drama started on Monday, 13 February when the mum couldn't take her daughter to the bus station. This angered the social worker who brought along the police on Tuesday, 14 February and took the girl from her mum, allegedly by force. As if that was not enough, the social worker apparently brought expired food for the mum. ALSO READ: CHAOS! Taximen harass scholar transport vehicles The 40-year-old mum from Sicelo in Meyerton, south of Joburg, said the social worker returned on Wednesday, 15 February and demanded her daughter's school uniform and other clothes. But the mum refused and asked where her daughter was. “The social worker left but returned with another colleague. She started assaulting me, but the colleague didn’t say anything. She stabbed me with car keys on the head," said the mum. The mum then reported the matter to the Meyerton police but when she went to find out about the progress of the case, a cop allegedly threatened to arrest her for assaulting the social worker. The mum's neighbour then alerted Daily Sun. When the SunTeam enquired about the mum’s case and on the allegations of intimidation by the officer, the police said the mum’s case was invalid. However, a case against the social worker was later registered and she was arrested on Saturday, 18 February. REGISTER TO COMMENT The woman's husband (46) said he doesn’t understand how a social worker can just take his child without producing any documentation or telling him where they were taking her. "The social worker would have killed my wife if community members hadn't arrived," he said. He said they want the social worker to bring back their daughter. Ward Councillor Mike Ndebele said similar cases against the social worker have been reported to his office. Gauteng police spokeswoman Colonel Dimakatso Sello said the social worker appeared in court on Monday, 20 February, and the case was postponed until further notice while investigations continue.