RESIDENTS of Covid-19 squatter camp near Mfuleni, Cape Town, are in shock after two men and their girlfriends were shot dead in their shacks on Wednesday, 1 February, in two separate incidents. Residents said they heard gunshots and a vehicle drive off near the men’s homes. When residents went to check the following day, they were shocked to find them dead. They were in shacks that are near each other. Community members are still gripped with fear because they do not know what could have led to the attacks. “The deceased men are not related but neighbours. We believe they were friends. They stayed two shacks away from each other and we still don’t know what could have led to the attack,” said a community leader, Ntombizethu Zengetwa (44). “People are terrified. They are scared of what could have led to this attack,” she added. It is said that one man was a mechanic and the other used to sell herbs at the Mfuleni taxi rank. Another community leader, Mandilakhe Fisa (39), said he is worried about the killings that are happening in his kasi. “Covid-19 used to be a quiet and safe area but things are getting out of hand. Besides this shooting, there was another shooting that happened at a spaza shop a few days ago. This is not the Covid we want,” he said. Chairman of the Covid-19 kasi, Luthando Mcuntula, said they are planning to have some patrol teams to make sure their place remains safe. “We are still engaging cops and various other stakeholders to ensure that we have patrollers around Covid-19. We don’t want lawlessness around our kasi,” he said. You must be SIGNED IN to comment! Police spokeswoman Brigadier Novela Potelwa confirmed the incident. “On Thursday morning, residents of the informal settlement discovered two bodies, of a man and a woman, with gunshot wounds in a shack and alerted the police. A few metres from the one dwelling, inside another shack two more bodies of a man and a woman were also found with gunshot wounds. “The identities of the victims are yet to be determined with provincial serious violent crime detectives hard at work probing the murders as well as the motive. Police urge anyone with information on the murders that could assist the police investigations to contact police on 08600 10111 or via the MySAPS app,” said Potelwa.