RICHARDS Bay co-coach Vasili Manousakis has admitted that his side would find it extremely difficult to cope with the challenges that come with competing in the Caf Champions League. As things stand, the PSL rookies find themselves one point off one of the Champions League positions, sitting third on the DStv Premiership table behind runaway log leaders Mamelodi Sundowns and SuperSport United. But Manousakis insists a club the size of the Natal Rich Boyz would struggle to cope with the demands of playing in the Champions League, adding that their financial backing would need to be significantly improved. “I’m not so sure that the second position is achievable at this point when I look at the difference between where we are, and where the likes of Orlando Pirates are and the form they are hitting now,” said Manousakis. “Of course, we are not going to take our foot off the pedal, and if it happens (qualify for the Champions League) then great. But one thing about continental football is that you need serious investment. “If you don’t have deep pockets in, then I’m afraid continental football is not something that you want to take part in. But to be realistic, and I am a realist, we are quite far away from even thinking about that possibility.” The Natal Rich Boyz might have hit a bit of a snag in recent matches after a remarkable start to the campaign, however, they remain one of Sundowns’ closest chasers alongside Matsatsantsa a Pitori. Manousakis hopes his charges can regain the kind of form they displayed at the beginning of the season, and would like that to start when they face Sekhukhune United at Peter Mokaba Stadium on Saturday (5.30pm). “I think we need to go back to the drawing board and say to ourselves what were we doing well as a team,” added Manousakis. “We just need to try and go back and start that success again. But if you look at our last four or so games, it’s not been a run that you would like but we have to try and come back and plan for our next league game.”