SOME of the worst electricity defaulters swiftly made payment ahead of the cut-off operation – but some were left in the dark. On Wednesday, 1 February, newly elected mayor Thapelo Amad led a City Power revenue collection drive in Roodepoort, West Rand. He was joined by City Power CEO Tshifularo Mashava and acting CFO Sinovuyo Mpakama. Amad said the area owed R1,9 billion, and an atchar manufacturing company was the first to get disconnected after defaulting on payment, now owing R2,4 million. Targeted customers included businesses and a block of flats. Columbia House Building, housing businesses and residential units, was also disconnected as it owed R2,5 million. Fast foods restaurants were also not spared. Mashava said a few days earlier, courtesy calls were made to customers who were issued with pre-termination notices. One customer paid R5 million while another paid almost R200 000. “It is clear that these customers have the ability to pay for services, which is why we are disconnecting them,” said Mashava. She said that disconnecting and reconnecting electricity was a costly exercise. “We want customers to pay their bills on time,” she said. REGISTER TO COMMENT! Mashava said they were aware that some tenants were paying for electricity, but their landlords failed to pay City Power. As this was unfair on tenants, she urged them to put pressure on landlords. Earlier before the operation, Amad said the power crisis was on the brink of collapse. “We are here to ensure that the city generates revenues and services consumed are paid for. That revenue will also assist us in refurbishing the infrastructure that is decaying and on the brink of collapse, so we can also bring new infrastructure,” he said. Amad said that illegal connections were a criminal offence, and City Power would open cases so culprits could be apprehended. He further said City Power had adopted innovative solutions and put aside a digitalised system. “When you plug in that system, you are able to control it from the office. It sends a feed to the dashboard when someone tampers with it. You are then immediately able to be responsive instead of us coming here physically.” However, this would only be possible if the income was generated to roll out an operational budget, he said.