Percy Tau could again be an annoyance to Real Madrid's defence on Wednesday night when Al Ahly meet the European giants in the second Fifa Club WorldCup. The Prince Moulay Abdellah Stadium in Rabat, Morocco could be the jungle that the 28-year-old Al Ahly star forward need to raise South Africa's flag high. This will be the third time that Tau lines up against the European giants following his two stints while still with Belgian club, Club Brugge. Playing against the Reigning Uefa Champions League champions, Real Madrid, will see the two side battle it for honours for a final bert set for thePrince Moulay Abdellah Stadium on Saturday. The Egyptians have two games under their belt already, having beaten Auckland City 3-0 in the opening match of the tournament and then defeated Seattle Sounders 1-0 in the second round. Real Madrid have a few problems to contend with following the groin strain suffered by goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois during the warm-up ahead of last Sunday’s defeat to Mallorca, ruling him out of the semi-final. Eder Militao and Karim Benzema are also sidelined with injury.This will be the first meeting between the two teams at the Fifa Club World Cup. This will be Al Ahly's 21st Club World Cup match, a competition record. As for the Spaniards, it will be their 13th outing in the tournament. Auckland City lie second on the list with 16 matches and Monterrey fourth with 12, the only other sides to reach double digits in the competition. In all, Al Ahly have not conceded in five of their last six Club World Cup matches and Madrid have won the competition a record four times. Only three other teams have lifted the trophy more than once - Barcelona (three times), and Bayern Munich and Corinthians (twice each). Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti said: “The next game is always the most important. Now we’ve got the Club World Cup, which we want to win. "Then we’ll go back to La Liga and fight for it till the end." * Additional content by www.fifa.com Predicted line-ups: Real Madrid: Andriy Lunin; Carvajal, Antonio Rudiger, Nacho, Eduardo Camavinga; Aurelien Tchouameni, Federico Valverde, Dani Ceballos; Marco Asensio, Vinicius Junior, Rodrygo Al Ahly: Mohamed El Shenawy; Mohamed Hany, Mahmoud Metwaly, Mohamed Abdelmoneim, Ali Maaloul; Aliou Dieng; Taher Mohamed, Hamdy Fathy, Amro Elsoulia, Kahraba, Percy Tau