DUNCAN Lechesa is currently on the verge of helping Polokwane City return to the big time for the first time since their relegation to the second tier of Mzansi football in 2020. Alongside co-coach Papi Zothwane, Lechesa has worked his magic on the Limpopo side, guiding them to the top of the Motsepe Foundation Championship, just ahead of Casric Stars on a better goal difference. City defeated Black Leopards 2-0 at the Malamulele Stadium on Sunday to ensure that they remain among the top teams on the table with 37 points from 18 matches. Lechesa and Zothwane are desperate to succeed where some of the most high profile coaches have failed for City as they look to secure automatic promotion to the DStv Premiership. Among the coaches who have tried without success to get Johnny Mogaladi’s club back to the Premiership include the likes of Dylan Kerr, Josef Vukusic and Clinton Larsen. Kerr has since been entrusted with the responsibility of turning around the fortunes of struggling Premiership outfit Marumo Gallants, a job that Lechesa was recently tipped to be considered for. Vukusic, on the other hand, is back in his native Slovakia while Larsen is currently the head coach of Magesi FC, who are currently fighting for a play-offs position in the Championship. Larsen’s Magesi were edged 1-0 by JDR Stars at the Peter Mokaba Stadium on Saturday, denting their hopes of a finish in the play-off positions as they currently sit 10th on the log with 22 points from 18 matches. “I must say, the team is really growing in terms of performances,” said an optimistic Larsen after their defeat at the hands of the Hammer Boys. “In terms of individual and team performances, I’m really happy with the direction we are moving in. I might be disappointed with the result but I’m very excited about the performance.” Magesi next face the University of Pretoria at Tuks Stadium tomorrow (3.30pm) while Polokwane City will next be in action against All Stars FC at Peter Mokaba Stadium on the same day. CHAMPIONSHIP FIXTURES WEDNESDAY ) Polokwane City v All Stars (Old Peter Mokaba Stadium) ) Cape Town Spurs v TTM (Athlone Stadium) ) JDR Stars v Black Leopards (Soshanguve Giant Stadium) ) Pretoria University FC v Magesi (ABSA Tuks Stadium) ) Venda FC v NB La Masia (Thohoyandou Stadium) ) KICK-OFF 3.30pm 