THEY DANCED, laughed, sang and told beautiful stories about the late Vusi Ma R5. But comedian Skoolboy spoke the truth that needed to be said when he revealed how hurt he was. “WE MAY CELEBRATE, BUT MY HEART IS BROKEN,” HE SAID. Hundreds gathered at the Mabopane Indoor Sports Centre in Tshwane to celebrate the life of Itumeleng Mosoeu, better known as Vusi Ma R5, yesterday. The 34-year-old star was gunned down on 30 January. He was known for his most-loved bacardi songs such as Tse Nnyane and Thaba Ke Changitse. Skoolboy said the family didn’t know how much power their son had.   “The other day, I was thinking that he’s the South African Michael Jackson,” he said. MMC for Social Development Peggy de Bruin said she didn’t know the barcadi genre before, but now she knows. “I’m proud to say that in Mabopane, we had an artist of his calibre,” said the MMC. “We are committed to supporting the industry. We want to say that our doors are open.” She said success to her is not the type of car or house one has, but how one touches people. “Vusi was a success because he touched people’s lives,” she said. De Bruin said these killings must come to an end. Vusi’s aunt, Esther Mnisi, spoke directly to the killer. “I don’t know how you would feel if your loved one was killed, but it is okay,” she said. She said Vusi got to where he was by himself. “My tavern was huge because of Vusi. God and ancestors are going to welcome him because he was always making people happy.” Vusi’s gogo, Elizabeth Mosoeu, said they were badly affected by his death. “What God has lent to us, He has taken back,” she said.  His daughter, Rapelang Mosoeu, was in tears. “My father was a good man and he loved us,” she said. “Why did you have to leave me, daddy?” Vusi’s friend Tebogo Molelekeng, known as Ding Dong, said his killers sneaked up on him. “He always said he didn’t want bouncers and liked saying no one will do anything to him. “He would joke and say that he hasn’t become that well-known yet,” he said. Gospel artist Strike Moshe said ama2000 have lost their biggest fan. “It wasn’t God’s will, but a person’s will,” he said. Tshwane EFF chairman, Obakeng Ramabodu, said they have lost a soldier. “Our people are tired of being killed like dogs in a democracy,” he said, adding How long are we going to allow our city to be a war zone?” he said. cops were not doing anything. “Dj Sumbody’s killers haven’t been arrested as well. Politicians have bodyguards because they know we have a failed system,” he said. “Kasis must protect themselves. War is coming, and the police know it.”  Sports and Culture MEC Morakane Mosupye said the truth is that the community knows who’s killing people. “If we keep quiet, these people will finish us. We need to work with the police,” she said. . Communities have formed street communities and that’s what we must do,” Ward councillor Khotso Tsela encouraged young people of Tshwane to stand up and fight. need to stand up. “I am challenging young people. We can’t be defeated by these criminals. Let’s stand up and fight,” he said. Vusi’s funeral will be on Sunday at his home in Mabopane, and he’ll be buried at Odi Cemetery. 