PRESIDENT Cyril Ramaphosa will face off two prosecutors who are challenging his decision to revoke their appointments as directors of public prosecutions (DPPs) in the Northern Cape and Mpumalanga in the Constitutional Court on Tuesday, 7 February. Advocate Ron Mncwabe and Advocate Khulekani Mathenjwa were appointed to the positions by former president Jacob Zuma with effect from 1 February 2018. Mncwabe was to head Northern Cape, while Mathenjwa was to head Mpumalanga. The appointments were recorded in official Presidential Minutes. The Presidential Minutes, in the relevant part, read: “Under section 13(1)(a) read with sections 6(2) and 9(1) of the National Prosecuting Authority Act, 1998 (Act No 32 of 1998), I, Jacob Gedleyihlekisa Zuma, after consulting with the Minister for Justice and Correctional Services and the National Director of Public Prosecutions, hereby appoint [Mr Mncwabe or Mr Mathenjwa as the case may be] as Director of Public Prosecutions of the [Northern Cape or Mpumalanga] Division of the High Court ... with effect from 1 February 2018”. The news reached the appointees, but not directly through Zuma. They were informed of their selection by the then national director of public prosecutions, Advocate Shaun Abrahams. Despite being notified of their appointments, the appointments were not announced to the public. Zuma resigned in February 2018. REGISTER TO COMMENT! When Ramaphosa assumed office, he revoked the appointments. According to paraphrased Presidential Minutes of March 2019, Ramaphosa said: “Whereas [Mr Mncwabe or Mr Mathenjwa as the case may be] was appointed, as Director of Public Prosecutions: [Northern Cape or Mpumalanga] in terms of President’s Minute ... of 1 February 2018. Under section 13(1)(a) of the National Prosecuting Authority Act, 1998 (Act 32 of 1998) read with section 101 of the Constitution of the Republic of South Africa, 1996 and after consulting with the Minister of Justice and Correctional Service and the National Director of Public Prosecutions, I hereby revoke the appointment ... and the said President’s Minute.” In March last year, he appointed Advocate Livingstone Sakata and Advocate Nkebe Kanyane as DPPs of the Northern Cape and Mpumalanga, respectively. The applicants challenged the matter in both the High Court and the Supreme Court of Appeal unsuccessfully. In the Constitutional Court, the applicants disagree with the High Court’s view that public notification is a requirement of the appointment of a DPP. Such a requirement, they argue, cannot be found in the NPA Act or the Constitution. They seek direct access to review and set aside Ramaphosa’s decision to appoint Sakata and Kanyane. Ramaphosa submits that the fact that the applicants were informed of their appointments by Advocate Abrahams was not sufficient to make the appointments final. The president said his decision was rational because he was not satisfied Mncwabe and Mathenjwa “would necessarily best serve the interest of a highly effective National Prosecuting Authority”.