WHILE Tshepo Ralake was battling cancer in hospital in 2018, he wrote a journal about his experience. And after winning his battle against the deadly disease, the 58-year-old turned the journal into a book titled The Hopeful Surviving Sinner. Tshepo said he decided to write a book to reach out to all those affected by the disease and give them hope. "The book gives hope to the hopeless and people need to know and understand that cancer is like any other illness, yet more deadly, but it can be beaten," he said. Tshepo from Kokstad in KZN said he discussed the idea of a book with a friend, who also had cancer, and that is how the book was conceived. "I battled with colon cancer that was at an advanced stage and I was very scared. I discussed the thought of a book with a friend who also had cancer. During our discussion we realised that there is a lot of ignorance in our black communities, especially when it comes to cancer. ALSO READ - Zulu royal drama - ‘I’m scared, my life is in danger’ "People still believe that if one has cancer they are cursed or bewitched. People need to know and understand that cancer is like any illness, but is more deadly, yet it can be beaten if proper diagnosis and proper medication is taken. I want to touch lives, give hope, educate and create awareness," he said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Tshepo told Daily Sun that he has registered a cancer awareness foundation. "I want people to ask those difficult questions, not from a doctor but from an ordinary person just like them. I want them to hear it from survivors that cancer can be beaten as deadly as it is," he said. "I want people to know that you can lose everything when you are fighting this disease. One can lose work, money, property, family and all but if you can beat it, you have won." He said his foundation, Singasinda/We can Survive Cancer Foundation, will concentrate on rural communities. He said it will organise rallies, go to schools, churches, and funerals where survivors will testify.