WICKET Keeper and Bats Lady for South African national cricket team Proteas is making Mzansi proud. Tebogo Macheke (23) from Portion 9 in Hammanskraal in Tshwane, who also plays for Titans Women Cricket Club, said that she started playing cricket at the age of 10. Tebogo said that she was inspired by her sister Kgotatso Macheke, who also played cricket. She said her sister was selected in 2009 to represent the Titans team Under 13 in Durban and saw it as a great achievement. Tebogo said it was the first time her family went somewhere far like Durban. She decided to join cricket in 2010 and has never looked back. "I was utility, I grew up playing netball, athletics and didn't love playing football. I played cricket because most of the children were playing for Hammanskraal Cricket Club," she said. She said that she loved travelling, and her eyes were opened when she started playing for South Africa Under 19. "People used to tell me that I have talent, as I can bat and be a keeper as well. I realized that I can represent my country one day. I always wanted to be the best." she said. Tebogo said when she was 16 years old, she was selected to play for South Africa's Under 19 team. She said she was inspired by few cricketers, especially Sarah Tailor who is a wicket keeper. ALSO READ: Registration opens for the 2023 DStv Schools Netball Challenge She said the future of women cricket is growing. "What makes me special is the passion, love and dedication. I have already known I have talent in cricket although my talent needed hard work," she said. Tebogo said she is always working hard to be the best, stating that before she goes to sleep, she is already planning for the next day's practise sessions. She said that she does the fitness training every morning, starting at about 10am. Besides being a cricketer, Tebogo is also studying commercial law at Boston College. "I'm doing this course because I like challenges, something that will wake me up in the middle of night. I want to solve problems," she said. She said that her future plan is to have a degree and play cricket abroad. Tebogo said that she wants to continue working hard and be the best at all times. One of the challenges they face in her kasi is that there is lack of private coaching and also there aren't any cricket kits. She said they need sponsors for spikes and other equipment. Tebogo's mother, Kedibone Macheke (48), said that her daughter loves cricket very much and she is very proud of her. "My daughter is always active, and she keeps time. I am happy that she is the reserve for the Proteas," she said. Kedibone said that young people in Hammanskraal are struggling with sponsorships and there is talent. Tshepo Maluleke from Hammanskraal Cricket Club said: "Tebogo is doing wonders, passionate and very dedicated. She is disciplined and listens to the coaches." You must be SIGNED IN to read comments He said the game of cricket is not easy, especially for women. "Our challenges in Hammanskraal is the lack of cricket equipment and funding. We really need help," he said. Maluleke wished Tebogo all the best in the games, where he'll be representing South Africa. Tebogo played South Africa Under19 in 2016, 2017 and 2018. She also played for the National Academy in 2019, South Africa Emerging 2020, National team tour India, West Indies and South Africa tri series among others.