DJ ZINHLE’S husband, DJ and music producer Bongani Mohosana, will not be attending the memorial and funeral service of the late AKA, who shares a child with Zinhle. The information was revealed in a press statement by AKA’s family today, 14 February. “We’d also like to acknowledge our extended family, the Mohosanas, for their unwavering support during this time, as Bongani Mohosana will be in absentia at the memorial and funeral due to observing cultural protocol,” said the statement. Meanwhile, industry friends gathered at his house in Dante Complex in Bryanston, Joburg, today. The 35-year-old was shot and killed on Florida Road, Durban on Friday, 10 February. Media personalities and Sports, Arts and Culture Minister Nathi Mthethwa were also there to pay their last respects. ALSO READ:AKA's parents speak after his death! Rapper Amu said: “I am hurt and sad, that’s all I can say right now. It’s hard, magents. Trust me, I am not okay.” Pastor Selwyn Ngwenya, formerly known as Mr Selwyn in the entertainment industry, said they received lots of love at his house. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments He said AKA’s home is full of love and they welcomed them with humanity. “The industry needs to remove this dark cloud,” he said. “I have lost Flabba, Riky Rick, HHP and many more close friends in the entertainment industry. It is hard for us as musicians,” Ngwenya said. “This is very tough for us in the music industry. We are sad that our boy is gone now in this manner,” Ngwenya said. He said something needed to be done as there is so much gun violence in Mzansi. EFF Gauteng chairman Nkululeko Dunga said they were saddened by the rapper’s death. “Crime is taking lives in our country and it is not good at all. We need to put a stop to this so that people can move freely and safely in our country,” he said. Department of Sports, Arts and Culture spokeswoman Masechaba Ndlovu told Daily Sun they are deeply hurt by AKA’s death. “We are hurt like everyone in this country. AKA’s tragic passing has touched many people,” she said. Masechaba said AKA and Mthethwa had a great relationship. “To tell you the truth, they were very close and used to talk to each other a lot. As the department, we’d like to send our condolences to the family and those who loved the musician,” she said. The rapper will be laid to rest in a private funeral on Saturday, 18 February. A memorial service will also be held on Thursday, 17 February at the Sandton Convention Centre in Sandton, Joburg.