THE Department of Tourism in conjunction with South African National Parks (SANParks) have honoured 106 youth from Mpumalanga and Limpopo who successfully completed the Tourism Monitors Training Programme. The youth received CATHSSETA accredited (NQF level 2-4) national certificates in categories such as occupationally directed education training and development practices, tourist guiding, project management, nature conservation and new venture creation. The event was held at Kruger National Park’s Berg en Dal Rest Camp on Tuesday afternoon, 21 February. Deputy minister of tourism Fish Mahlalela said the Tourism Monitors Training Programme is part of a greater objective of the National Tourism Sector Strategy (NTSS) to ensure an adequately skilled and professional tourism workforce that can deliver a world-class visitor experience. “Our collaboration with SANParks has been impactful. Not only has it amassed benefits for the conservation community, but it has offered a lifeline to the youth in the communities that border our national parks. Multi-sector partnerships are critical and will continue to play a key role in sustaining tourism and our overall economy,” he said. ALSO READ: Three SA Tourism board members resign! The Kruger national Park managing executive, Oscar Mthimkhulu said in 2019, the department entered into a three-year agreement with SANParks to implement the Tourism Monitors Programme and students were placed at all national parks in South Africa, including the Kruger National Park to gain theoretical and workplace training. “Through this collaboration, we have invested in the youth who will safeguard our natural resources for the benefit of generations to come. Out of the 259 youth who enrolled for the Tourism Monitors programme, SANParks has employed 130 at its 21 national parks,” said Mthimkhulu. One of the graduates Shedron Mukhumo said the Tourism Monitor Program taught them a lot about the importance of conserving and preserving the natural resources for future generations. "It has also opened my eyes to a variety of opportunities that I didn’t know existed in tourism. I’m currently a SANParks research assistant and I am proud of playing a critical role in conversing our natural resources,” said Shedron.