BEING HELD down while your 4-5 is being sliced gives a man great physical power to get away. Fighting with all the power in his body, Mpho Baloyi managed to fight himself free from the woman and her lover. MPHO IS IN SHOCK AT THE SLICING OF HIS 4-5 – AND VERY GRATEFUL IT WASN’T DICED AS WELL! Mpho Baloyi (38) from Klipgat, North West was having a great night with a woman he thought was the love of his life. They were at a tavern on 22 January and drinking and having such a great night. They decided to go to the girlfriend’s home. But then their beautiful night turned into something very ugly. He said while they were at her home, a man arrived and said he was the woman’s lover. READ | Police van leaves boy (12) badly hurt Mpho told Daily Sun he couldn’t believe his ears. “I told that man the woman was my woman, but he said she was his woman,” said Mpho. Not only did the man disagree with Mpho, but the woman also sided with the other man! “She jumped in and told me she was dating that man,” said Mpho. “And then they started attacking me!” First the woman pushed him hard against the chest. He said tried to push her. Then the man grabbed him. “He was choking me and while I was trying to stop him, the woman started attacking my penis with something very cold and sharp,” said Mpho. “When I felt the pain, I received power from above. “I fought hard and I was able to run away from both of them.” He said he ran so hard that he fainted. “I woke up in the bushes. “My trousers were red from blood that was coming from the cut on my penis,” he said. “I rushed home and told my sister about what had happened.” You must be SIGNED IN to comment! He said he went to the hospital where he spent two days. “I’m still in so much pain.” He said he was blinded by love and he didn’t listen to the warning of his family. “My family has been telling me about this lady and I didn’t listen,” he said. Mpho’s sister, who didn’t want to be named, said they’ve been telling him that this woman was bad for him. “This isn’t the first incident. She tried to burn the house down last year but only managed to burn down his room,” she said. North West Police spokesman, Captain Sam Tselanyane, confirmed that a case of common assault was opened. “The woman was arrested and is still in custody,” he said.  