 A TEACHER is receiving counselling after a bloody beating she got at school. The teacher from a primary school in Tongaat, north of Durban, was beaten allegedly by the principal's relatives on Friday, 17 February, during a meeting at school. She was allegedly beaten with a wooden pin on her head and sustained a wound. She told Daily Sun the principal had called for a meeting with everyone who worked at the school, including non-teaching staff such as cleaners and cooks. ALSO READ: Tsotsis target private school! "So, we all went to the meeting. The principal told us he is leaving the school because he can no longer work with me. He then left the room where we held the meeting," she said. She said immediately after the principal left, his relatives closed the door and allegedly started beating her up. "I was shocked and as they beat me, one of them kept saying I deserve to be beaten because I'm abusing the principal who is her cousin. They beat me together until I started bleeding and then they stopped," she said. She said she then managed to run out of the room and went to look for help. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments "The teachers didn't help me as they said they don't want to be involved in this matter. The principal and myself have had issues for a long time. He was also not treating me well and over working me. At some time he even refused to pay me for leave even though I came with a sick note. There's a lot going on between us but it's work related.  Now that he involved his relatives, it's unfair," she said. She said their issues should have been handled professionally. She said the relatives were in the meeting because they cook at the school. KZN police spokeswoman Lieutenant-Colonel Nqobile Gwala confirmed cops are investigating a case of assault. Gwala said two suspects, aged between 25 and 34, were arrested and are expected to appear in court soon. KZN Department of Education spokesman Muzi Mahlambi said: "We are aware of the incident and the matter is under investigation."   