MADALA Jan Makweya woke up every day for the past 15 years to work and provide for his family. On Monday, 23 January, he went to work as usual and that was the last time his family saw him alive. This is because the 69-year-old was attacked, shot and killed while on duty as a security guard at Maserunyane High School in Ga-Mapela outside Mokopane, Limpopo, in the early hours of Tuesday morning, 24 January. His son Steven (32) told Daily Sun they were heartbroken when they heard about the incident. “We couldn’t even see him at the scene because we were only alerted after the forensics removed his body,” he said. Steven said they were surprised that the school or the provincial education department had not compensated them as per the Compensation for Occupational Injuries and Diseases Act (COIDA). ALSO READ: Gatvol pupil allegedly stabs her 'bully'! “We were instead told that even though he died on duty, the family can't be compensated. They claimed that he was only volunteering. We didn’t know that. “He worked at the school for 15 years earning R2 000 per month. No one has approached us since his death and we fail to understand why his family can’t be compensated since he died while on duty,” he said. Limpopo education spokesman Mike Maringa said the issue may have implications going forward. “So the position we are taking at this stage is that we are unable to comment. We will deal with the matter internally,” he said. Steven said they were also not happy with how the police were dealing with the case. “When we complain, they just call on that day to tell us that the case is sensitive. We don't want them to give us false hope but at least update us about the case,” he said. Limpopo police spokesman Colonel Malesela Ledwaba said the Mahwelereng cop shop’s station commander was aware of the complaints and they had also visited the cop shop regarding the query, which was being attended to. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Ledwaba said a 26-year-old suspect was arrested for house breaking and theft, and investigations are continuing. 