The Mankweng Regional Court in Limpopo has sentenced a 47-year-old man from
Westernburg, Polokwane, to life imprisonment for the rape of a 13-year-old
minor girl. According to National prosecuting Authority in Limpopo, in 2016 the victim
was returning from a party of a family friend and decided to go home leaving
behind her mother and the accused at the party. NPA spokeswoma Mashudu Malabi-Dzhangi said later the accused followed the
victim and raped her at their homestead. ALSO READ: Man shot, injured in business robbery! She said the mother arrived after the accused had raped the victim. “The victim’s mother met the accused in the passage half naked and started
quarrelling with her 13-year-old daughter accusing her of stealing her husband
and assaulting her.” “The victim reported the incident to her stepmother in 2019, at the Tshwane police
station, the docket was transferred to the Polokwane police station, where the
accused was arrested.,” she said. Malabi-Dzhangi said during the trial, the accused pleaded not guilty to the
offence and the state Advocate Makgomothi Masehela had to prove the case beyond
a reasonable doubt by linking the accused to the offence. She said the state called the victim’s stepmother to testify in court as a
first report witness. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “There was no DNA evidence to link the accused to the offence. The
investigating officer managed to gather all the evidence to link the accused to
the offence despite the victim’s biological mother’s non-cooperation with the
investigations,” she said. She added that the victim impact statement (VIS) which was taken by the
Court Preparation Officer Dikeledi Leseka, was submitted to the court as
evidence and the statement indicated that the victim had been traumatised and
felt burns in her private part when taking baths. “The victim could not believe that the accused had done what he did, as she
regarded him as her father. She felt embarrassed when fellow learners would
discuss sex education during life orientation classes, as she knew that they
were aware of her rape case.” “The ordeal impacted her studies negatively as she had to repeat school
grades and relocate to another province.,” she said. Malabi-Dzhangi said the pre-sentence report was handed up by the state which
recommended that the accused must be sentenced to life imprisonment. She said the presiding officer, Fanie Reynolds could not find any
substantial or compelling circumstances to deviate from the prescribed minimum
sentence and the accused was sentenced to life imprisonment.