SINCE his mum died unexpectedly after a short illness, a 45-year-old man has been dreaming about her. He’s now wondering what really happened when she died. “She’s always in my dreams but she never says anything,” said the man from Braamfischerville, Soweto. “She just sits there, quietly in her chair. “I believe she wants to tell me something about her death.” He told Daily Sun she died after a short illness in 2019. “I couldn’t understand how a person gets sick for a day and dies. It just didn’t make sense to me,” he said. ALTHOUGH her ancestors gave her permission to continue with her studies, her school principal is allegedly prohibiting her from attending classes. The 15-year-old grade 10 pupil at Portia Shabangu Secondary School in Tekwane South, Mpumalanga, was allegedly told to finish her initiation process first before she can proceed with her studies.  At first, he thought he was just dreaming of her because of the hurt but as time went by, he realised that it might be something more than he thought. He said he really wished she’d speak to him. “I wake up during the night but when I go back to sleep I dream about her again,” he said. “I really wish she’d say something because I need to know what really happened.” He said he spoke to people around his neighbourhood looking for help, but now the story has spread and kids are teasing his children. He said his kids, aged seven and nine, no longer play with other kids because they always make fun of them. “They tell them that their father is crazy,” he said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  Daily Sun spoke to sangoma William Mbangi who said when one sees a dead family member sitting silently in a dream, it’s not due to an unwillingness to communicate. “This dream depicts that your spiritual senses are not functioning as they should. “In some instances, you will see the mouth of the deceased moving but not hear a sound,” said William. He said this might mean the man’s spiritual senses are not heightened enough to understand why he’s dreaming about his mum. He’s advising him to go see a sangoma or a medium who’ll help him understand what his mum is trying to tell him. Daily Sun has contacted the Department of Social Development to help the man’s children’s with counselling.