I WAS once told to get out of a swimming pool because I was too black. People who were in the water looked at each other and said please remove that tyre in the swimming pool. These were the words of artist, fashionista, model and podcast presenter, Dynasty. Sharing his ordeal, Dynasty, whose real name is Lucas Ntimbana, said he was ill-treated when he wanted to swim in Mamelodi, Tshwane in 2015. He said even though this happened in 2015, he will never forget the day he was told he looked like a tyre. He said he is grateful that the owner of the swimming pool stood with him as he continued to swim. The 26-year-old from Mamelodi told Daily Sun that he almost lost his confidence because of how people treated him as he was dark in complexion. He said after the incident, he now helps people gain confidence and accept who they are. "What I went through is something that should never happen to anyone. In the past people used to tell me that I was too black and cannot go inside a swimming pool. Being too dark in complexion also affected me at school as pupils failed to accept that I was black and would make fun of me," he said. ALSO READ:Shock as woman’s body found in man’s room! Dynasty said his complexion almost ruined his life even though he has now accepted it and is helping others accept such as well. "Being black is an honour for me because I come from greatness. I shine and embrace it all the time,” he said. Dynasty said when he is walking on the streets, people say he is from West Africa, especially Senegal. He said he used to speak mostly South African indigenous languages to prove to people that he is a local guy and from the kasi. "I am proud to be where I am now. I have managed to shut up those who wanted to demoralise my confidence. I am representing a bright future," said Dynasty. He said the industry is supporting him and people who called him black are now supporting him. Dynasty, who was born in Tzaneen, runs a YouTube channel and podcast where he calls people with talent to tell their story and their struggles along their journeys. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments "As an influencer, I depend too much on modelling than music. I teach young people how to be at their best, how to deal with confidence, how to walk, to deal with stage, and how to pose," he said. He said he also teaches models how to believe in themselves. His plan is to enter Mr South Africa next year and also wants to be Mr Worldwide one day. Dynasty also does Afro pop, R&b and rap, and does music that people can dance to. His EP is called Heart and Desire is on Spotify, which he released in November. Dynasty said women have been supporting him and he is happy he has finally won the hearts of those who ones called him black. Lehlohonolo Mokwena (23) said: "I have known him for some time, and he is a cool guy. He is helping young people who want to do modelling for free.  He has a good heart." 