SKY is the limit for Tintswalo Rivombo. She worked for Sun International in Carnival City as an operations manager for seven years. But in June last year, she decided to venture into business and opened Basi Giftz at Carnival City in Ekurhuleni. She said: “I applied for a loan which was granted to me and I opened the shop in December 2022. “I am very grateful for the opportunity that has been given to me. We are looking forward to quite a good business. Since we started in December, we had some good business from the customers around here. I think the customers welcomed the store quite well and we are very excited and looking forward to great business,” She said what has always been important for her was a economic freedom.   “I realised that there is never a truck that can come and deliver that unless if we stand up and do something for ourselves. When I saw the opportunity to have other people learning from myself and also taking to account what I am doing, I grabbed it with both hands. I have since employed two people, one is coming from a cleaning background while the other comes from being a waiter,” she said. Tintswalo said that she taught Katlego Tshetlo and Mfumo Nkuna the business skills. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  “I’m really grateful that I have found the two people who are committed to the business and willing to learn Katlego said she started working at the carnival City as cleaner and she is grateful to be at the gift shop as cashier. “It’s true that through dedication and hard work, one can achieve something in life. I’m so happy to be given such an opportunity and this shows that anyone can grow as long as they’re given a change to learn new skills,” she said.   Mfumo said he was a waiter for four years “I’m working as a tiller. I am so glad with the opportunity that I’ve been given. The outcome is very good. All the customers that I use to assist previously when I worked at the restaurant are coming to our new store to buy,” he said.   “They eluded that they are supporting us all because of the best service I gave them while I was working at the restaurant. This shows that in life, you must always respect a client and give your best services.