EMERGING farmers in Nkomazi are still trying to pick up pieces after floods wreaked havoc in the area two weeks ago. The farmers' crops have been damaged and some of their livestock was washed away by the floods. Ernerst  Mashabane, who is the chairman of South African Farmers Development Association (SAFDA) in the area, told Daily Sun that farmers have been hit hard by the floods. Mashabane said most of the farms are still waterlogged, pump stations are underwater, roads leading to the farms are badly damaged and crops are also damaged. "We are still waiting for engineers to quantify in rands and cents in terms of how much these floods affected us economically," he said ALSO READ - Madala blames Eskom for ‘divorce’ Mashabane said they don't know when they will be able to start over again as some farms are still inaccessible. Last year, the department of Agriculture donated 50kgs of  fertilizers worth more than R1 million to over 1000 sugarcane farmers in the area. Farmer Jese Ndimande (67), who benefited from the programme, said he was ready to harvest his crops by June/July. He told the People's Paper that he will no longer harvest what he was supposed to harvest because some of his crops are badly damaged. "Just when we were happy that the government is assisting us with fertilisers, now this happens. We don't know where to start, we don't know what to do. This is a setback for us," he said You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Eighteen villages have been completely cut off from water supply due to the floods, however temporary measures are to be implemented by Thursday, 23 February to restore water supply. SAFDA economist Nathi Phakathi said so far, 32 small scale growers are affected and will be out of production for some time, adding that infrastructure has been badly damaged. "We are still going to do assessments. We need to access some of the roads to our projects. We can't even access them at the moment. We have to get back our irrigation and we need to take some water pumps for replacements. What we wish for is for the government to provide us with a yellow freight as an emergency to at least access all the farms and do our assessments, "he said Last week, COGTA MEC Mandla Msibi said the damaged caused by the heavy rains is estimated at about R300 million.   