THE City of Cape Town is concerned with the increased attacks on their MyCiti buses around Cape Town, mostly on N2. The municipality said the attacks are costing them money and also reducing their ability to deliver services to commuters. MMC for Urban Mobility, Rob Quintas, said 30 buses were stoned in November 2022 alone. In December, 23 buses were attacked and in January 2023, 19 buses were also stoned. Quintas said these attacks force buses off the road for at least two days in order to have their broken windscreens and side windows fixed. “Vandalism is a scourge. The cost in rands to repair the damage to our MyCiTi fleet is shocking. Then, there is the indirect cost to commuters – the residents who lose out on an income because they are late for work or spend hours waiting in queues because we do not have enough buses to transport them to their destinations,” said Quintas. REGISTER TO COMMENT! The city said the majority of the attacks have been reported on the N2 Express buses that ferry commuters between kasi and the city centre. “Up to 70% of the stoning occurred along the N2 Express routes between the Civic Centre Station and Mitchells Plain and Khayelitsha, and the rest of the other routes across the whole of Cape Town,” said Quintas. The municipality said it cost them between R7 000 and R10 000 to replace a smashed windscreen or window. Quintas said whenever an 18m bus that transports 120 passengers at a time is removed from the road because of stone attacks, 360 passengers from Khayelitsha and Mitchells Plain are affected. This is because such a bus usually makes three trips during the morning peak hour on the N2 Express routes. School kids and young people are implicated in the attacks on the buses. “Mostly, it is young men and pupils that throw stones at passing buses, smashing windscreens and side windows. “We cannot fathom why they are vandalising the very service their mothers and fathers and they, themselves, need to get to work and school. The impact on commuters from these areas is devastating,” said Quintas.