FELISBERTO Mohache and Tahir Mhenambe were sentenced for committing multiple offences. They were sentenced in the Evander Magistrates Court in Mpumalanga on Friday. They were linked to multiple charges including three counts of murder, three counts of kidnapping, three counts of aggravated robbery and three counts of defeating the ends of justice. The court heard how the victim had left his house in Evander on 21 May 2018 with his vehicle, going to Newcastle. His family never heard from him again and his body was found dumped on the R50 between Standerton and Leslie the following day. His vehicle and valuables were nowhere to be found. According to the report, the victim was strangled and stabbed. In a separate incident, another man, from extension 6 in Standerton, went missing without a trace on 11 June 2018. His decomposed body was found dumped next to a road between Amersfoort and Perdekop on 12 July 2018. His vehicle was missing. On 8 July 2018, another man from Sakhile outside Standerton went missing. His body was found with multiple stab wounds next to a road between Standerton and Perdekop. His vehicle was also missing. The Mpumalanga police commissioner decided to set up a task team which was assigned to crack down on these mysterious deaths. Within a short space of time, four suspects were arrested and all three vehicles recovered in Piet Retief and Daggakraal respectively. Two of the four suspects died while in custody and the remaining two were sentenced. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments They were both sentenced to three life terms for the three counts of murder, 45 years’ direct imprisonment for the three counts of aggravated robbery, 15 years’ direct imprisonment for the three counts of kidnapping and six years’ direct imprisonment for the three counts of defeating the ends of justice. Mpumalanga police commissioner Lieutenant-General Semakaleng Manamela praised the task team’s excellent work. “Our appreciation to both the National Prosecution Authority and the Justice Department for handing down such a sentence,” she said.