 EFF MEMBERS were forcibly removed from KZN Legislature during the State of the Province Address (Sopa) at Oval Cricket Stadium on Friday, 24 February. This after EFF KZN chairman, Mongezi Thwala, and EFF secretary, Nkululeko Ngubane, disrupted KZN Premier Nomusa Dube-Ncube when she delivered her State of the Province Addres. They accused her of being a liar, saying she lied to the National Assembly when she said the KZN government had helped floods victims with the R1 billion allocated to help them. They told KZN Legislature speaker Nontembeko Boyce that they will not allow Dube-Ncube to speak.  The speaker suspended the sitting and ordered legislature and members of SAPS to remove them. King Misuzulu, who attended the Sopa, was escorted to his car before police removed the EFF.   ALSO READ - EFF plans national shutdown!   Thwala said they will not allow a liar to address them. Instead, they will allow KZN ANC chairman Siboniso Duma to be sworn in and address them as he is the one  running the province. “The premier lied in front of the president during the Sona debate, telling the house that all KZN flood victims had gotten help. Victims are still living in temporary structures.  “KZN flood victims are still suffering but the premier is lying about why we didn’t allow her to address us. We will still seek legal advice about being removed by the police,” Thwala said.  REGISTER TO COMMENT  After the EFF was escorted out from the venue, Dube-Ncube continued to deliver her first address. She said although the domestic economy is experiencing low growth due to a number of factors such as low investment, load shedding, persistent external shocks such as the global geo-political factors and low global demand, the provincial economy remains resilient. Dube-Ncube denied that flood victims are still living in temporary structures. “KZN government eliminated all 135 mass care centres and built a total of 1 810 residential units. We have also supplied 576 building supply vouchers to those whose homes were partially damaged,” she said. 