 CONTINOUS attacks at a construction site of houses in Delft has forced the City of Cape Town to temporarily close it down. This after the site was attacked three times in a space of two weeks. In one of the incidents last week, a city employee was ambushed and killed, while her colleague was hospitalised. A security guard was also shot in the arm at the same construction site. ALSO READ: Mum’s house agony amid son’s death! The same site was petrol bombed on Friday, 10 February, just a few days after construction workers were shot in the legs on Saturday, 4 February. Human Settlements MMC Malusi Booi said they decided to temporary shut operations for safety reasons. “The site is temporarily being closed for safety reasons and for the SAPS investigation and the city will be considering the next steps to get the project up and running again. The city will continue to pursue our six-point plan to help reduce incidents of violence, criminality and extortion at our housing projects which is threatening some R1 billion in projects. We are absolutely heartbroken at these latest events in Delft,” said Booi. The city has also announced a R100 000 reward for anyone who can help with information about the killers. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  “Besides the R100 000 reward for information to successfully prosecute the killers of our staff member, in general, we are also offering rewards of R5 000 for information leading to the arrests of anyone targeting city housing projects with extortion and violence across the metro,” added Booi. A security guard at the site said he feared the closure would affect his job. “We may lose our jobs because they might have to bring security companies that have big guns, and we will be useless. Besides losing our jobs, we may lose our lives at this site. We are in a dilemma because it is our livelihoods and our lives that are at risk because of these attacks,” he said. Warrant Officer Joseph Swartbooi said cops were investigating cases of murder and attempted murder. 