ALMOST 60% of recipients of child social support grants are gamblers. This is according to a survey conducted by the National Gambling Board. Daily Sun spoke to a 27-year-old mother of twins who said they had a blissful festive season after she won a couple of thousands from gambling. She said she used a portion of her children’s support grant to try her luck and it paid off. She said she has been gambling since the father of her children died in 2021. The woman from Princess in Roodepoort, Gauteng, is receiving almost R1 000 from Sassa for social grants every month. She said she spent about R300 on gambling, betting on cards with her neighbours and going to the casino. “We survive on social grants. I occasionally also do washing and ironing for people. “The money is not enough and I try gambling to help us get through the month,” the woman said. I know it’s not the wise thing to do, but it’s the only possible thing to do at this moment. At least I’m not harming anyone but feeding my children,” she said. She said she hardly wins at the casino, but she’s able to walk away with at least R100 from betting on cards. “In December, I won over R4 000 at the casino,” she said. “I bought Christmas clothes for my kids, took them to a salon and cooked a wonderful meal for them on Christmas and this wouldn’t have been possible if it was just their grant money.” The National Gambling Board has partnered with Sassa and is conducting awareness sessions at Sassa offices to educate the public and beneficiaries about the dangers of illegal gambling. The board said 30% of participants who gamble receive grants and59% of gamblers receive child support grants, while 33% get old-age grants. At least 27% of social grant recipients participate in unlicensed gambling.  Some social media users expressed sympathy, while others didn’t agree. Jonas Ntate Mohale said: “Because government failed to create jobs, ba phanda mpilo.” Kgosi Bogosi said: “People are poor and struggling harshly already, so what do they expect people do, go steal?” Do crime? There are many law abiding citizens in South Africa who’d rather use a mere R50 to try their luck in gambling unlike others who see corruption as the best way to live lavish lifestyles.....spare South Africans some peace.” You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Mhs Mhs said: “People resort to what they think can work for them. They don’t have jobs and remember no one is happy to be poor or unable to provide for their children. You can do all the study you want until you as the government are able to create a conducive environment for companies to thrive, come and invest in our country it becomes useless for those studies.” But Lamoitse X Mokoena said: “That shows that they don’t need the money.”