AN IFP councilor has been accused of demanding sexual favors from municipal workers in exchange for permanent jobs. The councilor from Alfred Duma Municipality in Ladysmith, KZN was implicated after an audio clip of a man and woman having an intimate moment circulated on social media. It was alleged that the man in the explicit audio is with one of the women who is apparently a municipal staff member. In the 22-minute long audio clip, the man can be heard telling the woman that it’s been a while since they saw each other. The woman tells the man that she is stressed as her contract is ending in February and he responds by asking why is she stressed because they will renew it. The woman also tells the man that she is tired of living at home and wants her own house, but she doesn’t qualify for a bond because she is on contract. ALSO READ: Justice's 4-5 chopped over cellphone! After a couple of minutes of small talk, they start engaging in sexually acts and after having sex, the man can be heard assuring the woman that her contract won't be terminated. “They can’t take you out without my permission. Even if they renew it for five years,” said the man. A woman close to the woman in the audio said the only thing the woman wanted was a permanent job, but was instead used for the councillor's sexual pleasure who kept making promises. She said the woman resorted to recording him because after several sexual encounters, she realised that the man was using her and when she tried to report him to his party, they defended him. “We came up with the idea to record him so we can have proof when we report him,” she said. When Daily Sun contacted the councillor, he said: “I am not in a position to comment about the recording. You can speak to the mayor or the municipal manager.” REGISTER TO COMMENT Alfred Duma muncipal spokesman Siyabonga Maphalala said they're aware of the audio clip. He said the council leadership will engage on the matter. “After their engagement, we will be able to release a full detail and way forward on this matter,” he said. Responding to the audio, ANC KZN spokesman Mafika Mndebele said they salute the woman who came forward and called for the councillor's accountability of his sexual misconduct and the abuse of public office.