THE timeline around the appointment of the minister of electricity and cabinet reshuffle by President Cyril Ramaphosa is still unknown. This was revealed by presidency spokesman Vincent Magwenya during a media briefing yesterday, 12 February. He said the president appreciated the urgency in which he needs to finalise the cabinet appointment and finalise the appointment of the minister of electricity in respect to the kind of crisis the country is facing. He said those announcements will be made very soon. “The president is applying his mind,” said Magwenya. ALSO READ:Ramaphosa: National state of disaster to deal with load shedding He also touched on the criticism of Ramaphosa’s announcement of a minister of electricity. Magwenya said in his consultations with business, community organisations, interface leaders and the presidential coordinating council, Ramaphosa has been urged to take bold steps and effectively deal with the current electricity crisis. “Some of those calls were very specific to the declaration of the national state of disaster and they came particularly from the premier of the Western Cape and City of Cape Town mayor, who are both senior DA members,” he said. He said the president then responded in a bold manner. He said this was not the time to point fingers or take politically motivated court action. “This is the time to look past our ideological political interests and work together in the interest of our nation. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “The president does expect that even those who have reservations about the approach he has taken are expected to join in and work because ultimately, we are all working towards a goal,” he said. Speaking of the Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) disruption, Magwenya said it was a matter that parliament needed to deal with. “The disruptive scenes led by the EFF are becoming a permanent feature of the Sona and other parliament activities. “Out of 400 members, only 44 partake in behaviour that is unbecoming of law makers and its harmful to the image of the country,” he said.