MASKANDI star Smirnoff Gumede has thanked popular traditional healer, Dr 3 Seconds, real name Thulani Nkwanyana, for playing a big role in the success of his music career. Smirnoff recently went to Dr 3 Second’s home at KwaGudluzungeni in Empangeni, KZN, and presented him with a female Nguni cow on Sunday afternoon, 5 February. Smirnoff, who also used Dr 3 Second’s popular phrase “Isiqalile iyagqilaza lento” in his music, became an instant maskandi star last year when he became closer to the healer. ALSO READ : 'BIG ZULU is a beast in bed'! That’s when he released his second album, titled Gqiba I Bigger. Smirnoff said Dr 3 Seconds took his music career from where it was last year and took it to the top through his powers. “Mkhulu 3 Seconds has done many things for my career in music. That is why I decided to come personally and thank him with a cow. I’m on top now because of his powers. “He has played a big role in my success. He also allowed me to use his popular phrase, ‘Isiqalile iyagqilaza lento’,” he said. Smirnoff also released his popular song, Imali Yase Absa, after he saw a video of Dr 3 Seconds talking to another healer Mabalengwe Ntombela. Dr 3 Seconds told Daily Sun that he didn’t expect that Smirnoff would come and thank him for what he has done for him. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “I have helped many artists but they don’t come back to say thanks. I appreciate what Smirnoff did by bringing me a cow. “My ancestors will bless him with many gigs and success,” he said. He said Smirnoff is a maskandi hero because he is smart and he appreciates the help he gets from other people. “He will become a top maskandi artist because he has thanked my ancestors for the powers I have helped him with,” he said. Dr 3 Seconds claimed that he has helped many maskandi artists before to get to the top, including Mroza Fakude. He claimed that he helped Mroza to scoop the Ukhozi FM Song of the Year in 2016 for Sobulala Van Damme. It’s also claimed that he was trying to help stop the war between top maskandi artists Mthandeni Manqele and Khuzani Mpungose.