LONDI Thabethe is supposed to be in the classroom with her fellow matric pupils, but she is in hospital. The 18-year-old girl from Stanger in KZN was allegedly dosed with acid by two girls she was fighting with in her area a week ago. The girls poured acid on her face and on the upper body and she was admitted to hospital following the horrifying incident. Speaking to the Daily Sun, her mum Jabu Thabethe (35) said the two girls arrived at her house looking for Londi, but she wasn't home. "They left without telling me why they wanted to see my daughter. So, when Londi came back home I told her there were girls looking for her. Londi went to the girls as she knew where they live," she said. ALSO READ: Valentine’s Day horror: He showered her with acid then drank it She said after a few minutes she was called to where Londi was, and that had been dosed with acid. "I got to her, and we quickly found a car and rushed her to hospital. When I asked her what happened, she told me that the two girls were fighting with after accusing her of bad mouthing them. She said she beat them and the mother of one of the girls came with acid and told them to pour it on Londi because she was overpowering them," she said.  The mum said she is heartbroken.  "Londi is in matric and therefore she should be in class. But she is in hospital instead. The mother who gave them acid ruined my daughter's life. I want justice for my daughter," she said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments The mum said Londi's life will never be the same after this. "She will look differently, and this might even lower her self-esteem. She will never feel good about herself. And this is because of an adult who got involved in children's issues," she said. The KZN police spokeswoman Lieutenant-Colonel Nqobile Gwala said KwaDukuza cops arrested a 46-year-old suspect for attempted murder following an incident in which an 18-year-old victim was burnt with acid on Sunday,12 February. "The suspect appeared in KwaDukuza Magistrates Court on Wednesday, 15 February and the case was remanded to 22 February 2023," said Gwala. 