KAIZER Chiefs defender Eric "Tower" Mathoho faces a bleak future at Kaizer Chiefs. Mathoho survived Chiefs' clear-out at the end of last season but might not escape this term when his contract ends. The defender played just one minute of Chiefs' 2-1 win over SuperSport United last September and has not been seen since. Mathoho has been Injury-plagued this season and was set to return to action this weekend but has suffered a groin problem. On Thursday, Chiefs coach Arthur Zwane confirmed Mathoho has picked up another injury which might see him being out for a long time. "Just a day before yesterday we lost Tower (Mathoho) again, whom we thought was getting close to starting again," revealed Zwane. "I am still waiting for the medical team's report. I will see them after training, but one thing for sure Tower is not going to be available 9when Chiefs face Golden Arrows on Sunday) at Peter Mokaba Stadium, 3pm). He might be out for a long time. "It seems like a groin (injury). When we played a practice match with our reserve team, he pulled his groin and landed awkwardly as well, so he had to be taken off immediately. When I looked at him it worried me and I was frustrated so much because I was looking forward to seeing him back because of his leadership, discipline and commitment." Mathoho joined the long list of Mduduzi Shabalala, Sfiso Hlanti, Khama Billiat, Caleb Bimenyimana and Nkosingiphile Ngcobo, who are injured. Frustrated, Zwane empathises with the veteran defender but admitted that show must go on as they are looking at finishing the league in a respectable position and try to win the Nedbank Cup competition. Zwane added: "My role is to keep everyone in the loop and ensure that they are part and parcel of the team. And in Tower's case, there's no exception despite his contract. "But the focus now is more on the individuals that we can help recover fully, and we'll take it from there. We want the players who are ready and fit to compete." Chiefs are heading to the Arrows match at the back of an impressive 2-0 victory in the Nedbank Cup last 32, where they booted out Maritzburg United.