A NEWLY elected DA provincial leader is on a mission to address poverty in the Eastern Cape. Andrew Whitfield called on the DA in the Eastern Cape to change the lives of South Africans for the better. He was delivering the closing address at the DA provincial congress in Graaff-Reinet on Saturday, 25 February. He takes over from Nqaba Bhanga after defeating Chantel King. Yusuf Cassim was elected as provincial chairman, while Nomvano Zibonda was elected Women’s Network Provincial Chairperson, and Luvo Vimbani was elected Youth Provincial Chair. ALSO READ - Skeem Saam actress finds a new home! Whitfield said: “Changing the lives of South Africans for the better is our most important mission. Not talking about caring, but really caring. The Eastern Cape is the poorest province with the highest unemployment rate but is also the province where the ANC still enjoys its enormous two-thirds majority. This is simply unacceptable." He said unemployment is almost 80% in the Amahlathi Municipality. "Behind that statistic are thousands and thousands of people in broken homes who don’t know where their next meal will come from. People who deserve hope of a better future and more than the promise of help, but real tangible solutions to their problems," said Whitfield. “That is where our opportunity lies, not just to win votes, but to fundamentally change the lives of some of the poorest people in this province by lifting them out of poverty into opportunity and into a future where their hopes and dreams can be realised. That is called the opportunity ladder. “The DA builds our opportunity ladder out of poverty and into opportunity because every rung of that ladder is built on ideas, policy and innovation and that is how we want the people of the Eastern Cape to rise out of the poverty of patronage and into a future of opportunity and prosperity. That is our mission," he said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “We are going to walk from valley to valley, village to village, town to town, and city to city. We are going to walk to informal settlements, townships, and suburbs. We are going to be a party in the Eastern Cape that works hard for every single South African, regardless of which political party they vote for.”