YOUTUBER and TV presenter Nozi Qamngana-Mayaba had Mzansi happy and celebrating on Wednesday, 1 February, after she announced her pregnancy. The popular social media star and her husband, Skhumbuzo Mayaba, who’s just as popular on social media, made the announcement on social media. They shared a video and captioned it: “Our hearts are full of so much love for you. We have been praying for you for a long time. We can’t wait to meet you.” The video was immediately flooded with messages of congratulations and of love. People said no one deserves to be parents more than the couple. Twitter user Babalwa Jali said she’s happy like she knows the couple personally. ALSO READ : Former Uzalo actor: I’m focusing on getting better! “Ever been so happy for 2 people like you know one another? Nozi and Skhu,” she wrote. Mamfene Malisa Majambase wrote: “Nozi’s pregnancy being celebrated by the whole country is so cute. They are really a lovable couple.” Nonhlanhla Mfengwana said their pregnancy announcement was beautiful. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “This pregnancy announcement is the most beautiful thing I’ve seen today. Yhu yini iifaves zam. I’m so happy for Nozi and bhutSkhu,” she said. Nozi and Skhu have made a name for themselves as a funny couple that share about their lives on social media. They shot to fame when Nozi started a YouTube channel telling her story of how she contracted HIV. The series of videos blew up and her YouTube channel grew to being one of the most loved channels in Mzansi. Nozi now also fights the stigma and helps people break the silence on the TV series, Yes, I Have HIV, on Honey (DStv channel 173). A post shared by Nozi Qamngana-Mayaba (@noziqamngana)  Nozi's pregnancy being celebrated by the whole country is so cute, they are really a lovable couple ??. — Mamfene Malisa Majambase (@asalethu) February 1, 2023 It's your faith that touched us all, you never doubted God @noziqamngana and your testimony has renewed our faith in him. I'm soooo happy for you guys. Congratulations Nozi and Skhu? pic.twitter.com/cHeAb4K0Bg  Ever been so happy for 2 people like you know one another???? ???????????????? Nozi and Skhu ???????? pic.twitter.com/S1sSRoy5U6   