President Cyril Ramaphosa is calling companies to remove work experience requirement for job seekers in order to accommodate young people. The President said this while presenting his SONA message in Cape Town on Thursday 09 February. “We reiterate our call to companies, departments and SOEs to remove the requirement for work experience for young people seeking entry-level positions,” he said. ALSO READ: PICS: Search on for armed robbery suspects! He said government is doing everything to fight youth unemployment and he is asking companies to also join hands with the government. Among other things, Ramaphosa said the government has put in place some incentives for companies that employ young people. “To address the challenge of youth unemployment, the Employment Tax Incentive has been expanded to encourage businesses to hire more young people in large numbers,” he said. Ramaphosa said unemployment is causing more South Africans to live in poverty and his government will be working extra-hard to empower citizens. Among other program to empower young people, Ramaphosa said this month a new cohort of 150,000 school assistants started work at more than 22,000 schools. He said the idea is to offer dignity, hope and vital work experience to young people who were unemployed. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments The President said government has availed money through the Social Employment Fund and is currently recruiting 50,000 participants. On the other hand, National Youth Service is expected to create 36,000 opportunities through non-profit and community-based organisations. Amongst other government projects that will create employment and reduce poverty, Ramaphosa said SANRAL is embarking on an R18 billion project that will create employment for rural communities. “The South African National Roads Agency (SANRAL) has awarded road construction contracts worth R18 billion over the last three months. The construction of the Msikaba Bridge and Mtentu Bridge will be finished and make travel in the Eastern Cape much better. This investment will substantially benefit the construction industry and enable large-scale job creation, skills development and poverty relief, especially in nearby rural communities,” he said.