LUNTU Khawula (13) went for a swim with his friends at a river close to his home. The six boys were having a great swim until the last thing they could have imagined happened. Luntu had difficulty while swimming at the Umgeni River in KZN and he tragically drowned. Since Luntu drowned on Sunday, the search for his body has been ongoing at the river. His family members and neighbours sit at the river bank waiting for his body to be recovered. According to his sister Qaqambile Khawula (34), when Luntu drowned and disappeared in the water his friends ran to his home and informed her. “We ran to the river to find him but we didn’t. It was like he had just disappeared in the water. It got late and we went back home,” she said. “On Monday the search for him continued. But later on in the day it started to rain and the search was called off. It continued on Wednesday and we are hoping that his body will be found,” she said. She said she doesn’t think that he will be found alive so they just want his body to be found so they can bury him. REGISTER TO COMMENT! “Luntu and his friends used to play and swim at the river often. I think he had difficulty this time around because the river was full due to the rain,” she said. Reaction Unit South Africa (Rusa) spokesman Prem Balram said Luntu’s family contacted their office on Monday requesting assistance to locate his body after he drowned while swimming with friends. He said Reaction officers proceeded to the Umgeni River where they met the family and residents. “It was established that the teenager was swimming with approximately five friends in the Umgeni River when he experienced difficulty and disappeared underwater. His friends fled and sought assistance from the teenager’s family and residents of the Kennedy Road informal settlement in Clare Estate. The Rusa helicopter was expected to conduct an aerial search but was grounded due to inclement weather conditions and poor visibility,” he said. KZN police spokeswoman Lieutenant-Colonel Nqobile Gwala said Sydenham cops have opened a missing persons case after a 13-year-old boy reportedly drowned in the Umgeni River. Gwala said the search for him is still continuing.