WITH President Cyril Ramaphosa’s State of the Nation Address (Sona) just around the corner, the DA has taken jabs at the ANC’s failures and shortcomings. Addressing the nation during what they called True State of the Nation Address (Tsona), DA leader John Steenhuisen said if tomorrow, 9 February, is truly about setting out the state of the nation, the’re going to have to look past the carefully crafted smoke and mirrors and the cherry-picked stats andtake in the bigger picture of the full five years of this administration. “Look at the country’s trajectory on crime, unemployment, infrastructure maintenance and investment. “Look at the trajectory on capital and skills flight. “Look at the trajectory on load shedding and on poverty,” he said. Steenhuisen said the increase in the cost of living has far outstripped earnings for almost every South African. and most certainly for those trying to survive on social grants, which is now almost 50% of the population. “Of course, load shedding is the most visible and most threatening state failure to affect South Africans, but it is by no means the only one.” “Our post office, freight rail network, rail service and ports have all collapsed. “Our police service is losing the war on violent crime. REGISTER TO COMMENT! “Municipal service delivery in hundreds of towns across the country is virtually non-existent,” said Steenhuisen. He further said government’s failures have been a long time coming., but with the move to permanent high stage loadshedding, government failure has reached into every home in a way that can no longer be countenanced. He said that as the 2024 election fast approaches, his party can offer a better alternative way forward for Mzansi. According to Steenhuisen, the DA offer is better. “Look no further than right here in Cape Town, where residents are already protected against up to two stages of loadshedding.Where the DA governs outright, potholes are repaired, sewerage is collected and infrastructure is maintained. “And as the failures of national government accelerate, DA local governments are increasingly taking over services like electricity generation, public transport and policing,” he said.