  It’s all eyes on President Cyril Ramaphosa as he gears up to
deliver an address of his life, this evening at Cape Town City Hall at 7 pm. Unlike the previous years, the 2023 State of the Nation
Address (SONA) finds the country sharing the same sentiments of frustration and
lack of trust when it comes to the government. Several households are bound not to be able to watch the
SONA due to the continuous power outages. South Africa is currently experiencing up to six hours of
load shedding per day since October and this has cost the country billions of
rands, with business having to close shop and people losing their jobs. Corruption has also become the cancer that bled the
country’s coffers, with little action taken so far to address it. But According to Ramaphosa, what the public can expect from
his address, is a way forward on the ongoing energy crises, growing the economy,
creating jobs and fighting corruption. GCIS Acting Director-General, Michael Currin leading a SONA outreach programme at the Cape Town train station. Video by Morapedi Mashashe pic.twitter.com/tSzueGyVVj  He said the government will continue to support job
creation, directly through the Presidential Employment Stimulus and expand the
social protection and support those who are unemployed. “Our foremost priority is to revive economic growth and
create jobs. Through operation Vulindlela government is implementing
far-reaching economic reforms to place our economy on a new growth trajectory,”
he said. Andiswa Ndlela says the only thing she wants President Cyril Ramaphosa to address is the high rate of unemployment, the age cut off on government job programs and the energy crises. Video by @MedupeKB #SONA #GCIS #CAPETOWN #RAMAPHOSA pic.twitter.com/NqzVC4EPcj  Speaking on Corruption, the President said to fight
corruption they will need to strengthen the National Prosecuting Authority
(NPA) and the Financial Intelligence Centre (FIC) to combat the complex cases
of corruption and financial crime. “Finalise discussions with the judiciary for creation of
special court rolls for State Capture and corruption cases,” he said.