NEWS anchor and former spokeswoman of Minister Fikile Mbalula, Ayanda Allie Paine, has ventured into music. Ayanda was the transport minister’s spokeswoman from 2019 to 2021 and was also a news anchor for eNCA. The 37-year-old from Dobsonville, Soweto, spoke to Daily Sun about her transition. “Everything I’ve been going through from the jobs to careers is linked and intertwined. When I started in journalism, I would start by telling stories in South Africa, talk about the political status quo and challenges we face as a nation. I then started a youth centre called BukhoBami Centre and through that, we tried finding solutions for some social ills we face,” she said. ALSO READ: KELLY’s special moment! “I took on communications because those things spoke to the things I care for. And that’s what my music will be doing as well,” she said. Ayanda said she’ll use the platforms to say things she wasn’t able to say before. “Working in these spaces shaped me into wanting to have a voice. When you are a news anchor and spokesperson, you are limited. And I had reached a point where I wanted to share what I’ve been through and the things I’ve seen,” said Ayanda. “This process of being a musician has been healing for me because I haven’t been able to talk much. It’s liberating because I am using my voice. I am not representing anything. I am just Ayanda who grew up in Dobsonville and I can say anything I want to say,” she said. She will be releasing her debut album titled We The People next month, on Human Rights Day. “The album is a reflection of our society. There are songs about GBV, race, poverty, employment, inequality and about the leadership deficit. There are songs about everything we see in our nation,” said Ayanda. “It is all about bringing people together. We can point hands, but that won’t fix anything. This album is to say once we have lamented the problem, let’s pick up the pieces and work towards a solution, together. Now, SA needs itself and each other more than ever. No one is going to help us if we don’t do the work. We need to roll up our sleeves and do the work.” A post shared by Ayanda Allie (@ayandaallie)  Ayanda will be having her first performance on Thursday, 23 February and she said she’s excited. “We’ll be having a benefit concert through DJ Christos’ music academy in partnership with GoGo music and BukhoBami Centre will also benefit from this,” she said. “I’m quite excited about that and I love that I will be performing on a stage that gives back to the community and I hope it’s a start of new things. I hope it’ll open doors,” she said.