FORMER chief executive officer of Eskom Andre de Ruyter has been accused of trying to shift the blame for his shortcomings on other people. This after he made damning allegations against the ANC and other companies regarding the destruction of the power utility. De Ruyter has been in the spotlight after he went on national TV and accused the governing party of corruption and leaching on the power utility. His comments led to him and Eskom parting ways, a month sooner than planned as he was serving his notice following his resignation in December last year. Responding to the allegations, ANC secretary-general Fikile Mbalula said people must ask why he was only raising these "ridiculous allegations" when he was leaving Eskom. He said De Ruyter's allegations were completely unacceptable. "His opportunistic venture into the political arena has unmasked his regressive political and ideological agenda," said Mbalula. ALSO READ: Andre De Ruyter leaves Eskom with immediate effect! He said De Ruyter was appointed strictly to lead the turnaround of Eskom into a functional public enterprise that provided the country with stable and reliable electricity. “He has completely failed to deliver on this contractual obligation. Instead, he shifts the goalposts by advertising his right-wing ideological posture on a matter that falls outside the scope of his employment contract.” You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “If Mr De Ruyter has any evidence to the contrary, he is duty bound to present it. We commend the tough actions taken by the SAPS, Hawks, SIU and other law enforcement agencies to bring charges against corrupt persons inside and outside Eskom. They must be furnished with information to do their job,” he said. Freedom Front Plus (FF+) said the government would do well to remember that Eskom is not a private company, but a public enterprise that was established with tax money. He said any allegations relating to this enterprise ought to be made public. FF+ leader Pieter Groenewald said De Ruyter had the right to speak about the political interference and fraud at the utility. “It is no secret that there is immense political interference at Eskom and that a blind eye is turned to corruption, like De Ruyter said,” he said. Daily Sun attempts to get hold of De Ruyter were unsuccessful. 