HUNDREDS of supporters, family and friends have gathered to bid farewell to Stellenbosch FC star Oshwin Andries. He was stabbed on the head and back on 29 January after an altercation at a local tavern in Klapmuts in the Cape Winelands. He died a week later on 4 February on his way to the hospital. Oshwin’s brother, Lee Irwin Andries (24), thanked mourners for the support they gave his family during the mourning period. However, he said he didn’t know how to say farewell to his brother. “How do I say farewell knowing that your dreams have not been fulfilled? How do I say farewell know that you wanted to play overseas and now you can’t do that? How do I say farewell knowing that the dreams you have for your family have not been fulfilled?” Lee Irwin said. As the long Range Rover Willy’s & Gallico hearse carrying Oshwin’s body drove through the streets, residents went to catch a glimpse. Speaking at the funeral, assistant coach Jason Rhoda said Oshwin had a great future that had been stolen from him. He said with his calibre, he had the potential to play at the highest level during his career. REGISTER TO COMMENT! Jason said he knew Oshwin from when he was 10 years old after he joined Maties Academy before its closure. Narrating how he discovered Oshwin, Jason said: “To be honest, I didn’t really take note of Oshwin because he was a quite a young boy. But a year after that, he played in an under 13 match and scored a free kick from outside the box. He was 11 at the time, so he was already punching above his weight.” He added that after Maties closed down, Oshwin joined a community youth team called Gleneagles, and moved on to Stellenbosch FC in 2018. Jason said as a young boy at the academy, Oshwin was not always disciplined and they had to push him into the right direction – even when he was off the field.  However, he said his stubbornness at the time made him push barriers and overcome obstacles on his way. Antony Jameson (54), a Stellenbosch FC supporter, said Oshwin was one of the players he liked. “He had passion to play and would use every opportunity to shine. At the last match against Cape Town City, he was our man of the match. He had a great future ahead of him, but unfortunately we were robbed of a star,” he said.