The Evander Magistrate Court in Mpumalanga has handed down a hefty sentence against two multiple offenders on 09 February. Two convicts, Felisberto Joad Mohache and Tahir Mhenambe, both Mozambican nationals have been given six life terms and 132 years' direct imprisonment by the court. The convicts were linked to multiple charges including three counts of murder, three counts of kidnapping, three counts of robberies aggravated and three counts of defeating the ends of justice. ALSO READ: add bookmark Skyf smugglers bust after high-speed chase! According to Police spokesman, Brigadier Selvy Mohlala  Mr Ziyane left his house in Evander on 21 May 2018 in his vehicle to Newcastle and his family never heard from him again until his lifeless body was found dumped on the R50 road between Standerton and Leslie the following day. Mohlala said his vehicle and valuables were nowhere to be found. “According to the report Mr Ziyane was strangled and stabbed to death,” he said. He said in a separate incident, Mr Buthelezi of Extension 6 Standerton went missing without trace on 11 June 2018 and his decomposed body was found dumped next to road between Amersfoort and Perdekop on 12 July 2018. His vehicle went missing. “On 08 July 2018, Mr Mbatha of Sakhile outside Standerton went missing. His body was found with multiple stab wounds next to the road between Standerton and Perdekop. His vehicle was also missing.” “The SAPS Mpumalanga Provincial Commissioner decided to set up a Task Team which was assigned to crackdown those mysterious deaths,” he said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Mohlala said within a short space of time, four suspects were arrested, and all three vehicles recovered in Piet Retief and Dagga kraal respectively. He added that two of the four suspects died while in custody and the remaining two were sentenced to three life terms for the three counts of murder each. “45 years’ direct imprisonment for the three counts of robbery aggravated each, 15 years’ direct imprisonment for the three counts of kidnapping each and six years’ direct imprisonment for the three counts of defeating the ends of justice counts each,” he said. The Provincial Commissioner of the SAPS in Mpumalanga, Lieutenant General Semakaleng Manamela praised the excellent quality results produced by the Task Team. The General further expressed her appreciation to both the National Prosecution Authority and the Justice Department for handing down such a sentence. 