FORMER Skeem Saam actress Shoki Mmola is back on the small screens. She left the SABC1 soapie unexpectedly last year, which disappointed her fans. However, she's back and will now be on e.tv's Scandal!. Shoki (45) joins as Vuvu's (played by Mamarumo Marokane) mum, who has written her off because she's not happy about her sexuality. She spoke to Daily Sun about playing Reverend Prudence Molepo and coming back on TV. “For me, it’s not about being back on screen. I’m just happy to be telling the story. I’m happy to be telling Prudence’s story and that Scandal! trusted me with the role. It’s never easy to join an end product, a show that’s been running for a while,” she said. ALSO READ: Scandal! star's marriage drama! “But it makes it exciting when you tell a story that’s fresh from the script. Something that’s never been played before,” she said. Speaking about her character, Shoki said she’s a tough cookie. “Prudence is married to a husband that we will get to see soon, Philemon. They’ve been married for as long as they’ve had kids, Vuvu and her sister. And Prudence loves her grandchildren. However, Vuvu has a certain style of living and being the kind of parent Prudence is, she does not agree with it,” she said. “She believes they did everything right for Vuvu, got her the best education and she never used it. As parents, we try to give our kids the best so they can have a better life for themselves, and she’s convinced Vuvu doesn’t want that. Those are things that would strain a relationship between mum and child. She’s disappointed with Vuvu,” she said. SIGN UP to leave a comment Shoki said she had never wanted to play a character of being a holy person, but she realised that Prudence is more than that. “I vowed never to play a woman of cloth, but when I heard more about this character, I knew it was perfect. Every story where there’s a disagreement, it becomes exciting. I’ve never been one to want to tell a dull story,” she said. “And a dull story is one that aligns with what people think life should be. Life is not straight, and my job is to throw paint on a canvas and bring out colour. If I wanted perfection, I would not be an actor. I know people will say I always play evil characters, but I like it because I want to be messy.” When asked if this will be a short or long-term role, she said: “I can’t say that. All I can say is that the audience should stay tuned. There’s a lot to expect from me.”