A FORMER matric pupil at Leruntse Lesedi Secondary School in Makwassie near Wolmaranstad, North West, who was declared dead, wants answers from the provincial education department. Thabo Nicholas Monyane (21) alleged that the department declared him dead after the death of another pupil who carried the same name as his. The confusion was created by the death of another pupil, Thabo Monywabe, who died in June last year. Now Monyane said he wants justice to prevail because this mess has caused him depression. “I did not even receive a letter of admission to writing exams and the examination number. I was asked to use my identification document as proof every time I wrote. What hurt me the most is that I was isolated from other matric pupils whenever we were writing exams. This made other pupils to mock me and hurl insults at me, calling me an illegal foreigner,” he said. Monyane, who was doing maths literacy, geography, English, Setswana, Afrikaans and history as his grade 12 subjects, said he wanted to further his studies and become a teacher one day. “Now I am stuck because of this mess. The matric final examination results were out on 20 January 2023, but I only received mine three weeks later. I was not happy at all with my results because they were too bad. I do not even think that those are my results because I studied hard,” he said. Thabo’s mother Martha Monyane shared the same sentiments. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  She said the whole fiasco has affected her son badly. “He is always indoors because he does not want to face people. This situation has caused confusion in our lives and I do not even know how to handle it anymore. We understand that the other pupil was reported dead in June 2022. As a parent, I was made aware of this matter when we were called to sign pledge forms in September 2022. The teacher who informed me about this matter said my child might not be able to write his final examinations due to the mix up,” she said. Martha said the school promised to sort the mess out, but nothing has been done yet. “Thabo fainted at school while writing his final examinations. He was taken to the clinic, but ordered to go back to the school to finish one of his papers, which I think was inhumane. He was also separated from other pupils while writing his exams. I asked the school why my child was being isolated from other pupils, but I did not get a straight answer,” said Martha. North West education department spokesman Elias Malindi said investigations into the matter were underway.