Nonhlanhla Mtsweni (33), also known as "coach Magents". has a passion for soccer and wants to shape the future of youngsters. To make this dream a reality, Nonhlanhla established a football team, Bollox United football club in 2017 in Tembisa, Ekurhuleni. “As a young child growing up in the township, football has always been my passion and it has shaped my life in more ways than being responsible for my own life. So, I do this with the passion to shape the young lives of these children to grow up and be responsible, know right from wrong and also delay, if not prevent, their exposure to drugs and violence,” she said The team has been doing well and managed to lift the Dlamini tournament title in October last year and took the second prize at the Philly’s Games finals last year. With all the wins, coach Magents also admits to the challenges that come with managing a soccer team. ALSO READ: Tebogo makes Hammanskraal proud “One of the challenges is the lack of Soccer boots, transport money for travelling and food, because some of the players come from poor backgrounds." “For me as a woman who runs a soccer team, it comes with a lot of pressure and being undermined. But I often receive courage from my boys,” she said. Coach Magents said she is proud of the team’s progress, and she keeps learning every day. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “I realised that football needs patience, love, compromise, dedication, and you to develop strategies on how to fight in the tournaments or leagues." “I learnt that for me to push, I need to take my players as my family, and we need to love and support one another in every session and every game,” she said Bullox United is now  developing the under 11 team for the LIMA League, and preparing them for the next season where they will be playing for under 13. The under 13 and 15 are playing in the TUFA league, which is starting this coming weekend. “I want to see this team grow. I want to see this team with sponsorship and financial support for players’ preparations,” added coach Magents.