AMABUTHO leader David Mkhize, who was recently gunned down, was laid to rest in style over the weekend. His funeral service was held at the Msholozi Sports Ground in Mbumbulu, south of Durban, where Amabutho came in numbers to pay their last respects. Deputy Minister of Health, Dr Sibongiseni Dhlomo, also attended the service. Mourners sang Zulu hymns and danced to say goodbye to Mkhize, who was the leader of Amabutho from Mbumbulu. He was also the induna of the village since 2005. Mkhize was shot dead last Monday when unknown people asked him to come out of his home and shot him. He has been leading Amabutho since the late King Zwelithini’s reign. His Amabutho were the only ones given a chance to perform during the Zulu royal house ceremonies. Mkhize’s last major assignment in the royal house was when he led Amabutho from Mbumbulu to the Battle of Isandlwana Commemoration hosted by King Misuzulu at Nquthu last month. ALSO READ | STONING FURY: Why mob ‘killed’ suspect! What surprised many people was that there was no one representing King Misuzulu during the funeral ceremony but instead, there was his rival Prince Simakade’s faction led by Prince Thokozani Zulu. Prince Thokozani told Daily Sun that they attended the funeral because Mkhize played a big role in the Zulu royal house ceremonies. “Mkhize and his Amabutho were the only ones who were given the stage and time to perform by the late King Zwelithini during Zulu royal house ceremonies. “We are grateful for his creative work of composing Zulu songs and dances with Amabutho while he was also an induna of his village. Those who are killing izinduna and amakhosi need to stop,” he said. Mkhize’s brother, Langalakhe Mkhize, told Daily Sun that they are not holding any grudges against Mkhize’s killers as they believe that it was his time to go. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  “David ran his race. He was popular throughout the country because of his singing and dancing when he led Amabutho. We believe he is in heaven now,” he said. Langalakhe added that his brother was a good composer of Zulu hymns and dances as his work trended on social media. Dhlomo said Mkhize was a good leader in their village. “Mkhize liked traditional things, including performing duties for the Zulu royal house. Last month, he led Amabutho to the Battle of Isandlwana. He was younger than me because He was my induna,” he said.