SOSHANGUVE was a no-go area on Tuesday, 31 January, and yesterday, 1 February. This as residents of the Tshwane kasi barricaded roads with stones and burning tyres. They also blocked roads coming from the M43, which link the two Tshwane University of Technology campuses and Soshanguve Crossing Mall. Residents only allowed students to pass through during their protest over water. They said the water from tankers was not healthy and made their children sick. One of the angry residents, Motlatsi Ralefi (35), said the tankers were not enough to provide water for every family in their kasi. Another resident, Mpho Rashokeng, said: hey believed the city was not taking them seriously.“We have had water interruptions for almost four weeks.” “It would be sorted for a few days and then another painful week of waiting for water.” She said their last hope was to protest. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Tshwane Mayor Randall Williams said they were able to hold an urgent constructive meeting with Rand Water on the water supply challenges affecting Tshwane. “Their water management teams and technical teams from the City of Tshwane joined us in this discussion. “Our focus was on the inability to get our high-lying water reservoirs to recover in areas such as Soshanguve, Mooikloof, Grootfontein and Laudium,” said the mayor. There was another allegation that patients at Kalafong Provincial Tertiary Hospital in Atteridgeville, west of Tshwane, are being sent home to bathe and return for treatment. because of water challenges. Gauteng Health and Wellness MEC, Nomantu Nkomo-Ralehoko, visited Kalafong on Sunday, 28 January, after being alerted of the water challenge. She said: “Rand Water informed the municipality that it is experiencing challenges on their system which is impacting the supply of water to the city.The water outage has led to the hospital’s two reservoirs, which have the capacity of 748 000 and 480 000 litres respectively, running extremely low.” Patients said some of the toilets are closed. as there is no water. Abram Malatji (41) said the hospital needs a lot of water for hygiene purposes. “We plead with government to drill boreholes at the hospital so that it is not affected when incidents like these happen,” he said. Kalafong spokesman Given Makhubela said allegations that patients were being sent back home to bathe aren’t true. “We have water tanks in the hospital,” he said. and our taps have not run out of water,” he said.