A JOBURG Metro Police Department (JMPD) officer is in hospital. This after being hit by a drunk driver on the Soweto Highway in Mzimhlophe on Sunday, 12 February. According to JMPD spokesman Xolani Fihla, while conducting a stop and search at the Soweto Highway under the railway bridge in Mzimhlope, Orlando JMPD officer Zwidfhela Singo was hit by a speeding white Hyundai H100. He said preliminary information indicates that officer Singo had signalled for the Hyundai to stop, but the male driver failed to halt and collided into officer Singo. “The driver of the Hyundai sped off after crashing into the officer. The officers on the scene gave chase to apprehend the suspect. While attempting to evade the officers, the driver of the Hyundai crashed into a vehicle at the Soweto Highway and Klipspruit Valley Road traffic circle, and he again attempted to flee, but he was immediately apprehended by the officers,” he said. THE timeline around the appointment of the minister of electricity and cabinet reshuffle by President Cyril Ramaphosa is still unknown. This was revealed by presidency spokesman Vincent Magwenya during a media briefing yesterday, 12 February.  Fihla said the driver was breathalysed as he was suspected to be under the influence of alcohol and his breathalyser reading was 0,73mg/l which is above the legal limit of 0,24mg/l. “The 55-year-old male was arrested and charged with driving under the influence of alcohol, reckless and negligent driving and failing to stop at an accident scene. “He was detained at Orlando Police Station where a case docket has been opened for further investigation,” said Fihla. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  He said officer Singo sustained serious injuries to the head and back and was airlifted to Milpark Hospital, and he is currently in a stable condition. The JMPD acting chief of police Angie Mokasi wished Singo a speedy recovery. “It’s extremely sad and disturbing that motorists continue being a risk on the road, endangering not only their lives but the lives of others as well,” she said.