The family of the late promising soccer star Oshwin “Ossie” Andries is devastated after he died on Saturday 4 February 2023. He was 19. The young soccer star, who played for Stellenbosch FC and captained the national Under-20 team, was stabbed at a tavern where he was having fun with friends in Klapmuts area on Sunday 29 January. He became the club’s youngest goal scorer after turning professional at the age of 18 when he scored a goal against Chippa United. His last game was on 27 January when his side beat Cape Town City 3-2 in a Cape derby. Speaking to Daily Sun, Oshwin’s mother Natasha Andries (46) said she is heartbroken. “My heart is broken into pieces, I’m hurt,” she said. According to Natasha, Oshwin was stabbed twice, one wound on his head and the other one on his back. He also had a minor scratch on the back.  Eyewitness Nadene Hartman said Oshwin and his friends were drinking and there was a brawl over unspecified issue. Oshwin was involved in the argument, but people calmed them down. “Ossie went back inside and sat down but all of a sudden the crowd went wild and when I went close I saw Ossie was already stabbed,” she said. Natasha said they rushed him to Stellenbosch hospital where he was attended. He was released the following day on Monday 30 January in the morning. She said it appeared like he was recovering well but on Wednesday he started complaining about pain. They took him to the doctor and was given pain tablets and things seemed better again. “His sickness took a serious turn on Saturday afternoon, so we rushed him to the hospital,” said the mother. She added that he could not say any words to her in his last moments on their way to hospital. “He just grabbed my arm, and that was the end,” said Natasha, as she broke down. Oshwin’s brother Lee Irwin Andries(24) said his world was shuttered by the untimely death of his brother. He said, all the time he would go to the stadium to watch him play and they had so many plans as brothers. He said his brother had a dream to develop into a big soccer player and play overseas. “His dream was bigger than playing locally and Bafana Bafana. His dream was to play overseas in Europe,” he said. His club released a statement on Saturday night confirming his death. "It is with deep sadness that Stellenbosch F.C. has learned of the untimely passing of promising young defender, Oshwin Andries. "The Club is not in a position to provide further information at this stage and asks that his family’s privacy is respected in this difficult time of bereavement. Andries was a gifted young footballer who graduated from the SFC Academy to make his professional debut at the age of 18," the statement read.  Andries was supposed to celebrate his 19th birthday on 24 February. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Western Cape MEC for Cultural Affairs and Sport Anroux Marias conveyed her condolences to the Andries family. “He had a bright football career ahead of him and I am saddened that his journey was cut short by a senseless act of violence,” said Marias.