ALL they wanted to do was to stand up for their community. But all they got were bullets in the thighs. The two women from Midas in Mabopane, Tshwane, almost lost their lives last Thursday when they were allegedly shot by their neighbour. One of the women (66) is a community leader, while the other one (52) is the man’s ex-fiancee. According to the community leader, the man was connecting electricity illegally and the community was complaining. So, the two women took it upon themselves to confront the man, telling him what he was doing was wrong. “A man came to me informing me that he doesn’t have electricity. I usually help people in the community by talking to Eskom on their behalf. So, I asked him to give me his reference number so that I can contact Eskom,” said the community leader. She said while they were trying to help the man, they discovered another one who was connecting electricity illegally, which affected other people’s electricity flow. ALSO READ:'Mob moer izinyoka' “We called a security company, and we went to the man’s home joined by other community members,” she said. She said when they got there, they found four men connecting electricity. “Before we could say anything. The owner of the house pulled out a gun and said we can’t stop him from getting electricity and he fired at us,” she said. She said she and another woman got shot while other community members were running away. REGISTER TO COMMENT! “He shot us on the same place though we thought we had dodged the bullets, but they unfortunately landed on our thighs,” she said. She said the man then came to them and said that they deserved to be shot. “He asked why we came to him as women and said we should have brought real men with with us,” she said. The other woman said the man is her ex-fiancee. “I am so shocked that the man who was once the love of my life almost took my life away,” she said. She said the man saw her. “He didn’t even regret shooting me because he asked why we had come to stop him from connecting,” she said. She said she wants the man to rot in jail. “He deserves to rot in jail because he almost killed us,” she said. Gauteng Police spokeswoman Colonel Dimakatso Sello said a case of attempted murder was opened. “The suspect was arrested on Saturday, 18 February and appeared before the Ga-Rankuwa Magistrates Court on Monday, 20 February,” she said. His case has been postponed to Friday 24, February. 