THE ANC IN eThekwini region has called for a team of IT experts to analyse the footage capturing the murder of top Mzansi rapper AKA and his friend Tebello ‘Tibz’ Motsoane. The footage released showed AKA and his friends leaving Wish Restaurant and they were ambushed by gunmen who shot them in a close range and ran away on foot in Florida road, Durban on Friday. EThekwini ANC regional spokesperson, Mlondi Mkhize told Daily Sun that they have noted footage circulating in various social media platforms of alleged murders of Kiernan ‘AKA’ Forbes and his friend. “We support the police encouraging members of the public to volunteer any information that may lead to the arrest of suspects through the crime stop hotline 08600-10111. ALSO READ :BOSS YA MBOKA's skoloto headache! “Tips and leads portal must be established to enable those who have other information to assist the investigation process,” he said. Mkhize said on several occasions, they have called for the use of sophisticated technology to enable law enforcement agencies to fight crime effectively. “Importantly, the latest footage showing suspect shooting AKA and Tibs at close range warrants the deployment of a team of experienced ballistic experts to ensure the gathering of enough evidence and to carry spot examinations of the crime scene. “IT experts must also be assigned to analyse the footage. Durban’s night life is a catalyst for job creation and a boost for the entertainment industry, hospitality, and tourism sectors of our economy” he said. REGISTER TO COMMENT He said as the ANC in the region, they can’t afford to allow crime to destroy these sectors. “We are calling upon law enforcement agencies, Business against crime and all spheres of government to urgently work together to turn around the situation.“Many innocent people have been victims of crimes in various parts of the city in the townships and suburbs” he said. He added that authorities must take advantage of the 4th industrial revolution and install Wi-Fi operated CCTV cameras that identify criminals through face recognition technology and their biometrics before even committing their next crime. KZN police spokesperson Colonel Robert Netshiunda told Daily Sun that they are pleading with anyone who may have information which can assist in the investigation and lead to the apprehension of the suspect to contact the nearest police station.  AKA'S last moment CCTV footage. Close range. #RIPAAKA #RIPAKA #AKA #CCTV #Casper #CloseRange pic.twitter.com/CNLn829iLj  