THE death of two mechanics from the same area who were gunned down execution style on the same day and almost the same time, has left residents and their families with unanswered questions. It’s still unclear why the two well-known mechanics, Dumani Shezi (59) and Nguboyezizwe Ncube (49) from Marriannhill in Durban, were killed on Monday, 13 February. Dumisani was shot with his two workers, Base Mkhize and Sabelo Mdluli, while Nguboyezizwe was shot with his worker who got injured and his customer, who died. It is alleged that three men armed with guns arrived at Nguboyezizwe’s workshop, opened fire and thereafter went to Dumani’s workshop, where they also stormed the workshop and opened fire. Nguboyezizwe’s sister, Zanele Ncube (42), told Daily Sun that her brother lived alone at the workshop, so they got a call from his neighbour’s informing them that he had been shot dead. “We quickly went to his place and found him dead. He was shot about 17 times. We are deeply hurt and confused as to why he was killed like this. He was a people’s person and had no beef with anyone. We haven’t heard why he was killed. We are waiting for police to investigate and find the suspects behind this,” she said. Dumani’s son, Sne Shezi (29), told the People’s Paper that he was with his dad when three men stormed the workshop. “They came to me first and demanded my cellphone and then proceeded into the workshop. I then heard gun shots. I ran outside to hide. When they had left I went to find out what had happened. I discovered that they had shot the two workers as well as my father. They didn’t take anything,” he said.  He said he doesnt understand why they were killed. “My father was a people’s person. He had four taxis and fixed cars. He got along with everyone and even fixed other taxi owners taxis without any trouble. Now we are still confused ad to why he was shot. And it puzzles us why he was shot along the other mechanic,” he said. A resident said they are shocked because the dead were killed are good people. “It’s very strange that two well known mechanics in our area were killed. We hope police will be able to find out why and who are these gunmen,” he said. KZN police spokesman Colonel Robert Netshiunda said cops are on a manhunt for at least three gunmen who shot and killed five people and injured the other in two separate crimes scenes in Marrianhill on Monday afternoon. He said information at the police’s disposal at this stage indicates that the suspects stormed into a vehicle workshop and shot the owner and two other people. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  “The owner and one person were declared dead at the scene, whereas the third victim was rushed to hospital with gunshot wounds,” he said. He said the same suspects reportedly proceeded to another vehicle workshop, just two streets away, and shot and killed the owner and two other people who were working at the workshop. “Three of the deceased are in their fifties and the other two are reported to be in their late 30s. Although the motive for the killings is yet to be established, nothing was reported robbed or stolen during the shooting,” he said.