GOGO Edith Muller, the grandmother of the dead Stellenbosch FC player Oshwin Andries, is devastated. The gogo who raised him said she will never recover from her loss. Holding the picture of Oshwin with tears on her cheeks, gogo Edith said her grandson “lived for football”. She said whenever he was home, he would be watching football and if he was not at home, he’d be on the soccer pitch playing. She said her grandson had big dreams. Gogo’s neighbours from Cloetesville in Stellenbosch said Oshwin grew up as a gogo’s boy. “I’m hurt and I don’t know if I will ever recover from this loss. He was young, talented and had a bright future in football. I will always miss my Ossie,” she said. ALSO READ:WATCH: Stabbed Stellenbosch FC star’s family speaks! Neighbour Claudine Loggerenberg said she was devastated when she heard the news on social media. “I then went to ask ouma about it but she was not aware about the news. While I was still sitting with her, a relative arrived to inform her and she was hurt about the news,” she said. Claudine said they last saw him two weeks ago when he visited gogo and they hoped he will visit again soon. Unfortunately, he was stabbed on 29 January and died on Saturday, 4 February. “Ossie was here two weeks ago to see his granny and we talked. He was just a young man who loved football and nothing else. Even when he was growing up, he would play soccer on the streets and at the fields around Cloetesville. We are sad for his sad departure,” said Claudine. Gogo Edith said Oshwin grew up going to school in Stellenbosch and would go to Klapmuts to his mother on weekends and holidays. Gogo said it was easy for her to support Oshwin because she was also a sportsperson. “I always told him to focus on football and he listened to me. He would not miss training sessions even when he was still young at the academy. I used to play netball as a young girl, so I related to him and his passion easily,” said gogo. Stellenbosch FC released a statement on Saturday, confirming the death of the player. It read: “It is with deep sadness that Stellenbosch FC has learned of the untimely passing of promising young defender, Oshwin Andries.”