THE father of slain rapper AKA’s late fiancee Anele Tembe, Moses Tembe, has distanced himself from those who are accusing him of being involved in his killing. AKA was shot dead on Florida Road in Durban on Friday night. Many people took to social media accusing Tembe of getting revenge for his daughter after her death in 2021. Scoobynero wrote: “In 2021, AKA’s girl Nellie Tembe fell from a hotel in Cape Town and died. Hotel staff claimed they heard arguments from their room but AKA claimed she jumped. Police dismissed the case. She is a Durban native from a wealthy home. AKA visited Durban and posted his location on IG (Instagram).” ALSO READ : Kwaito star Mapaputsi gives back ekasi! Mulomo Zambia wrote: “AKA should have known that the Tembe family were still angry. He just handed himself over.” Mluh Bhengu wrote: “It is clear that in KZN, family, relatives and friends were still angry about the death of Anele Tembe ... It is clear that others were waiting for AKA to show up and pay revenge. AKA came to Durban and he was shot dead.” Moses Tembe, who is married to King Misuzulu’s sister Princess Ntandoyesizwe Zulu, told Daily Sun via text that anyone who truly knows him and his family would not spread such rumours. “We’ve never judged Kiernan. We demonstrated our love for him to his very last day. We’re so saddened by this sad eventuality as it robs us of the opportunity we have been waiting for so patiently to vindicate our daughter in court or in an inquest,” he said. Moses said it was with shock that they learnt of Kiernan’s passing. “I would like to visit their home and convey my condolences in person. As a parent I feel deep pain for Kiernan’s parents (Tony and Lynn Forbes), his daughter Kairo and the family at large. “Kiernan was an extraordinarily talented musician. His music contributed meaningfully to South Africa’s rich musical tapestry. We extend our condolences to his extended family and his fans. REGISTER TO COMMENT “We also call on South Africans to show compassion and give the family space, time and respect on all platforms,” he said. KZN Premier Nomusa Dube-Ncube condemned the violent killing of AKA and she said it was a sad day in their province, country and music industry. “We are shattered by the manner of death. This is a tragedy of monumental proportions and we call on law enforcement authorities and the people of our province and country to join hands in ensuring that the killers are brought to justice,” she said.