FINANCE Minister Enoch Godongwana, during his 2023 Budget speech, announced that the government will take more than half of Eskom's debt in an effort to end the energy crises. He said the total bailout package will amount to R254 billion, consisting in two components, the first of which amounts to R184 billion and will be split into tranches across the next three fiscal years. He said R78 billion will be transferred in the 2023/24 tax year, R66 billion in 2024/25, and R40 billion in 2025/26. ALSO READ: Andre De Ruyter leaves Eskom with immediate effect! Godongwana said this is to ensure that South Africa’s debt-to-GDP ratio remains stable and is not massively increased. He said the second component comprises of Treasury’s direct takeover of R70 billion of Eskom’s loan portfolio in the 2025/26 tax year. The minister said that Eskom will not need further borrowing during the relief period. But the bailout comes with strict conditions, and Godongwana said Eskom must prioritise capital expenditure in transmission and distribution. He said the struggling power utility must focus on the maintenance of its existing generation fleet to increase the energy available. He said the relief is only to be used to settle debt and interest payments, and Eskom must implement the recommendations from an independent assessment of its operations which the Treasury has commissioned. “In the Eskom Debt Relief Bill, Treasury is required to report on compliance with these conditions to Parliament,” the minister said. Godongwana announced two tax measures to encourage businesses and individuals to invest in renewable energy and increase electricity generation. He said from 1 March 2023, businesses will be able to reduce their taxable income by 125% of the cost of an investment in renewables. “Individuals who install rooftop solar panels from 1 March 2023 will be able to claim a rebate of 25% of the cost of the panels, up to a maximum of R15 000. This can be used to reduce their tax liability in the 2023/24 tax year. This incentive will be available for one year,” he said. Speaking on the municipal debts, the minister said at the end of December 2022 municipalities owed Eskom R56,3 billion and the debt is rising. He said undertaking a debt relief of this magnitude without addressing this risk would be counterproductive. You must be SIGNED IN to comment “We are working with Eskom to provide a solution to this problem, wherein Eskom will provide incentivised relief to municipalities whose debt is unaffordable. However, the relief will come with conditions. “And to avoid a repeat of debt build-up over time, the relief will attach measures, including the installation of prepaid meters, to correct the underlying behaviour of nonpayment and operational practices in these municipalities,” said Godongwana. The minister said he will also table the second adjustments appropriation bill for the 2022/23 fiscal year. He said the Bill proposes an allocation of R45,6 billion to provide for the carry-through costs of the 2022/23 public-service wage increase. “R1 billion is allocated to South African Airways to assist the carrier with the business rescue process. The South African Post Office is allocated R2,4 billion. “The allocations for these state-owned companies will be accompanied by strict conditions to ensure sustainability, accountability and transparency. If the conditions are not met, the money will not flow,” he said. 