SANTOS Baloyi (34) from Mozambique was sentenced to 18 years’ direct imprisonment by the Skukuza Regional Court on Friday, 3 February, for rhino poaching and other related charges. Baloyi and two other suspects were caught in the Kruger National Park on 10 September 2022 by field rangers who were busy with their routine patrols at the Afsaal section of the park close to Malelane. The field rangers’ attention was drawn by the sound of a gunshot very close to where they were patrolling. When they went to investigate, they spotted the convict and the two other suspects. ALSO READ:RHINO 'poacher' bust! The field rangers ordered them to stop but instead, one of the trio decided to point a firearm in the direction of the two field rangers. There was a shoot-out between the suspects and the rangers. The intruders in the park did not surrender but instead fled the battle field to evade arrest. Baloyi sustained a gunshot wound on his leg. He was apprehended and assisted with first aid by one of the rangers. The other ranger went after the other two who fled and disappeared into the bushes. As it became dark, the rangers suspended their search. The police were summoned to the scene and the accused who sustained injuries was arrested and charged. Meanwhile, the search was later continued after other rangers joined in. A backpack was found with a firearm, an axe, a bush knife as well as a pair of fresh rhino horns. The search continued the following day where other police disciplines as well as a tracker dog joined. The body of a suspect was found within the tall grass around the vicinity and next to his body was a hunting rifle fitted with a silencer. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments The third could not be traced. The accused had his day in court and later pleaded guilty for entering the park without a permit, possession of endangered species body parts and for poaching. He was sentenced to two years’ imprisonment for trespassing, five years for the unlawful possession of a firearm, two years for possession of ammunition without a valid licence, 10 years for unlawful possession of rhino horns, one year for possession of dangerous weapons and one year for contravention of the Immigration Act as it was discovered during the investigation that the accused was from Mozambique and entered South Africa illegally. Though Baloyi was sentenced to 21 years’ imprisonment, some of the sentences will run concurrently. He will serve an effective 18 years’ direct imprisonment. He was further declared unfit to possess a firearm. Mpumalanga police commissioner Lieutenant-General Semakaleng Manamela has welcomed the sentence and indicated that the sentence will hopefully serve as a deterrent to others who might consider going on a similar mission of destroying the country’s wildlife. “We appreciate the field rangers from SANParks, the South African Police Service investigation team, the prosecution team and the judiciary on the excellent work done which culminated in the well-deserved sentence,” she said.