WHO is next? When are the killings going to end? This is what people are asking as the murder of well-known people in Tshwane continues. This after Zoro, or Moruti (48), as he was well known in Mamelodi, Tshwane, was killed in a hail of bullets on Friday, 10 February. Zoro is known to have been friends with the late Prince “Mongol” Mahlangu, who was killed last year. Prince was shot dead outside Loftus Versfeld Stadium in Sunnyside in September. In another incident, businessman and musician DJ Sumbody, whose real name was Oupa Sefoka and was fondly known as Mayor wa Pitori, was also killed in a hail of bullets on 20 December. He was killed on the corner of Woodmead Drive and Woodland Drive in Joburg at about midnight while travelling with his driver. They both died on the scene. Another shocking and recent death in Tshwane was that of Bacardi singer,Vusi Ma R5 from Mabopane, Tshwane. The 34-year-old, whose real name was Itumeleng Mosoeu, was gunned down on 30 January. He was known for his most loved bacardi songs Tse Nnyane and Thaba (Ke Changitse), and for producing talent from ekasi such as Phindimaphendula, Matenas and Nelly Mawaza. There was also news of a local football club owner and businessman known as Mainline, who was shot along with well-known dancer and sangoma, Lesego Sonti, known as Sonti Lee, outside a tavern in Klipgat, North West in November. All these murders are still under investigations by the police. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  Gauteng police spokesman Lieutenant-Colonel Mavela Masondo said the cops have opened a case of murder and were searching for the suspects who shot Zoro. “It’s reported that the victim was driving a Toyota Hilux when an unknown vehicle with unknown assailants started firing shots at him until his vehicle came to a stop,” said Masondo. He said the victim, who had multiple gunshot wounds, was certified dead on the scene. “The motive for the killing is unknown at this stage,” said Masondo. He urged anyone who might have information that could help with the investigation to contact the nearest cop shop.