UKHOZI FM presenter Bingelela Mpanza and her friend were kidnapped and robbed of R45 000. The incident happened on Saturday at midnight. She was on her way to do her Sunday morning show, Sekuntwela Ezansi. “I was in the company of my friend when the incident happened. I’d asked him to accompany me to work since it was already late at night. We were five minutes away from work and we stopped at the robot, just behind Moses Mabhida Stadium. “As we were waiting for the robots to turn green, two armed men approached us. They fired shots in the air, I guess this was to scare us. They held us at gunpoint and forcefully removed us from our car. They handcuffed us before taking us into their car. Then they took us to the bush, one of them drove our car to an unknown place,” said Bingelela. ALSO READ : Top group Distruction Boyz announces split! “I couldn’t tell where we were because they wouldn’t allow us to look through the windows, we were forced us to look down until we reached their destination. Upon our arrival I noticed we were in the bush, I also noticed a small room. We were taken inside this small room and told to co-operate otherwise we’d be killed. We were scared because they kept shoving us with their guns. We cried and begged them to take whatever they want but not kill us,” she recalled. She said that the two gunmen were later joined by two more men. “So there were four of them. One of them who appeared to be much older was keeping an eye on us. The other three were busy with our cellphones, they transferred R30 000 from my friend’s bank account and R15 000 from my bank account,” she said. After five hours they were dumped on Queen Nandi Drive, on the N2. “They took our cellphones and our car was found on Sunday morning in the Umlazi area, south of Durban. On Sunday morning I opened a case of kidnapping and hijacking at Durban Central Police Station,” said Bingelela. She said she is traumatised and she is already seeking psychological help. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “I’m shaken, I never imagined that people can be so cruel. But I’m glad they didn’t kill us. I have already closed my bank account and I bought a new phone and did a SIM swap,” she said. KZN police spokeswoman Lieutenant-Colonel Nqobile Gwala confirmed the incident. She said: “A woman and her friend were allegedly kidnapped by unknown men. KZN police are investigating a case of hijacking and kidnapping and no arrests have been made.”