EMOTIONS were running high at Geluksdal Secondary School in Brakpan, East Rand, on Friday, 3 February, where children were demanding safety. And, parents were baying for the blood of the acting principal as they wanted him be sacked. In unison, they told Education MEC Matome Chiloane that a pupil was stabbed to death under his watch, and he did nothing to prevent it. One pupil claimed that before Shawn Mphela (18) was killed on Thursday, they had notified the principal and teachers that something bad was going to happen, but they didn’t act. “They said we were talking nonsense,” said the pupil. While Chiloane was addressing parents and pupils, some went to search for the suspect. The angry mob allegedly broke all windows of the house he lived in and ransacked it. Tsakane police had their hands full as they tried to disperse the mob. Police from neighbouring stations also had to be called for back-up. The 31-year-old suspect and four of his family members were rescued by a police nyala. ALL THEY ever did was try to make a living from running a pavement car wash. They certainly didn't steal the Polo fog lights as they were accused. BUT, THE FOUR FRIENDS WERE SUDDENLY FACING A BRUTAL BEATING - AND ONLY ONE SURVIVED!  According to pupils, the suspect belonged to the outside gang that worked with the one inside the school. “When the school gang is defeated, it calls the one from outside to help,” said the pupil. Mphela was stabbed outside the school premises allegedly after the internal gang being defeated, and called the one from outside. The victim’s father, Seun Mahlangu (38), said before he was killed, there were two attempts – one of which landed him in hospital. EMOTIONS were running high at Geluksdal Secondary School in Brakpan, East Rand, on Friday, 3 February, where children were demanding safety.And, parents were baying for the blood of the acting principal as they wanted him be sacked. Video by Ntebatse Masipa pic.twitter.com/XviQfw01Sj  “Mphela was bullied for lunch money and his other belongings. I went to the school and police several times, but no one helped. I was failed by cops and the education system,” he said. He added that when he had supper with his son, it was the last meal he would ever cook. “On Thursday, I gave him money for lunch and he left for school. That was the last time we communicated. I was called to the school after the incident, only to see him lying dead. I’m broken; he was a good child.” You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  Sergeant Lerato Mngomezulu said he was not aware of the case reported by the father, but promised to investigate. Mngomezulu further said three suspects were arrested in connection with the murder, and would appear in court next week. Chiloane promised to bring security at the school, adding that he had asked for a report on allegations against the principal. The police continue to monitor the situation.