HEAVY rain has caused havoc across Mzansi with bridges collapsing, homes being destroyed and people going missing. In Gauteng, multiple roads were flooded and a man was swept away when the Apies River in Tshwane flooded. Emergency Services spokesman deputy chief Charles Mabaso said the department responded to a report that a man was swept away near the Pretoria Zoological Gardens on Thursday, 9 February, at about 1.30pm. “The search for the man was called off on Friday evening because of poor visibility and fast-flowing waters. “The search continued on Saturday under the command of the SAPS K9 and Diving Unit,” he said. Mabaso said that the Hennops River in Centurion burst its banks, leading to flooding and the closure of multiple roads while two cars were stuck on Blackwood and Lyttelton roads. “The occupants of both vehicles were evacuated safely,” he said. On Saturday, the Stoffelpark Bridge in Mamelodi East was flooded and two taxis got stuck, but no one was hurt.  In Evaton, grade 11 pupil Samkelo Gadu (18) was swept away by heavy rains while crossing a bridge in Small Farms. Witness Sipho Dlangalala (45) said he warned the three boys that the river was full. One crossed the bridge while the others remained behind.  He said the boy tried to balance using the poles of the bridge as water swept across it but he was washed away. His two friends turned around and ran away. Police spokesman Captain Fikile Funda said cops were called to the scene to search for the 18-year-old boy but after six hours, the search had to be called off. In KZN, a grade 11 pupil was swept away in Ngwavuma on Saturday, while more than 100 families were evacuated from their homes. Co-operative Governance MEC Bongi Sithole-Moloi said the families were evacuated after becoming trapped in Newcastle and uMhlathuze. In Mpumalanga, several graves were swallowed into the earth in Thulamahashe Cemetery in Bushbuckridge, and many streets were damaged. Councillor Shadow Hlatshwayo said: “We’re asking all the families to come and check their relatives’ graves.” In the Greater Manyeleti area, a number of bridges were swept away. Bushbuckridge Mayor Sylvia Nxumalo warned residents to be on high alert. At least six people were confirmed dead in Nkomazi while several bridges, houses and roads were badly damaged. Municipal spokesman Cyril Repinga said government was assisting with relief. Soldiers have also been roped in to rescue people trapped in inaccessible villages. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments In the Eastern Cape, at least three people died over the weekend. and hospitals in Chris Hani District were left in the dark after the back-up generator was washed away. Colonel Priscilla Naidu said: “The body of an unknown woman, about 40 years old, was found in Owen Street near the Komani River on Saturday, 11 February. The deceased is not yet identified.” and a case of inquest is under investigation.” The body of a 58-year-old was found Comfimvaba after two men were reported drowned in Qumanco River on 10 February. “Police are appealing to anyone who may have lost loved ones in the flood to contact their nearest police station,” to establish whether the unidentified bodies could be their family members, said Naidu. Provincial health spokesman Sizwe Kupelo said: “We will remain on high alert and continue to monitor the situation.” Health MEC Nomakhosazana Meth said: “Our teams are on standby ready to do what they do best to save lives.” We are working with the Life Queenstown Hospital and private ambulances because we are all in the business of saving lives.”