THULANE RADEBE left home to have his blood pressure checked – but he never arrived at the doctor. Then his body was discovered in a stream with a blue and white sangoma cloth around his neck. AND FIVE MONTHS AFTER HIS DEATH, NOBODY KNOWS WHAT HAPPENED TO HIM! His daughter, Matshidiso Mmotla (24) from Daveyton in Ekurhuleni, told Daily Sun that last week police informed them his body had been discovered in the Kliprivier area, only four days after he disappeared. Matshidiso believes that her father was murdered. She believes Thulane (56) was strangled with the blue and white sangoma cloth found around his neck. “And he has bruises in the same area,” said Matshidiso. He went missing on 12 September. “Police told us his body was found on 16 September and because there was nothing to identify him with, they could not find his family.” They eventually identified him through his fingerprints.   Last Tuesday, police came to inform them that his body had been found. Matshidiso said her father had a doctor’s appointment in Benoni on the day he disappeared. She said her father, who worked as a truck driver, used her green Toyota Corolla on that day and the car is still missing. She said no money had been taken from his bank account. “When he missed his appointment, we phoned and he didn’t answer his phone and that made us more worried. My father was a responsible person and he never missed going to work.” Sergeant Rider Ubisi of Putfontein police confirmed the victim was found dead after he went missing in September last year and cops were still investigating. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Sangoma Khethiwe Ndlovu said the blue and white sangoma cloth that was found by the family around the neck of dead is usually used by sangoma who graduated from the water. She said in this case, she suspects Thulane could have been sacrificed for the river snake as his body was found near the river with the blue and white cloth. “The family will definitely get the man’s body, but only to find that his blood has been sucked by this creature.”