THE talented and diverse musician, Desire Marea, has released yet another single titled Be Free. After two years of training as a traditional Nguni spiritual healer and finding the rhythm of their practice, Desire is ready to heal people through their music. The 31-year-old, who is originally from Amandawe in KZN, said Be Free speaks to them and generally touches their soul, well-being and craft. “In my work as a sangoma, ancient songs and drumming sequences are used to invoke spirits who live in me, so I enter into a trance state. In my work as a musician, I heal people using music. It's a different kind of medicine, but one in which I often have to channel different spirits, different truths and the essence of light,”  said Desire. ALSO READ: Noxolo Grootboom comes out of retirement! Desire said he started making music after going through a traumatic event in 2011. “I started receiving melodies in a very divine way. I then taught myself how to produce and write music. Initially, my journey started with making a cappella music inspired by the Apostolic Zion Church and was later inspired by gqom,” said Desire. The singer said their passion and the possibility of leaving a timeless legacy for South African music is what drives him. "I will be releasing my second solo album on the 7th of April via Mute Records. This will be followed by a tour of South Africa, Australia and Europe,” said Desire. REGISTER TO COMMENT Desire said being a healer has been an actualising journey and that's his purpose on earth. “When looking back my entire childhood, I was always displaying symptoms of one who is gifted. I used to crush plants into potions, draw engravings on trees and cast spells with my friends. I was drawn to mystical things, the magical things. Later in my life I had a natural affinity for spiritual themes and that informed a lot of my art. I always embraced the spirit world so when I started dreaming more vividly of things relating to initiation, I was not surprised and I embraced it fully,” said Desire. “It makes me care more about the essence of music and making sure that I always create from a place of love and a place of truth, because that is the true spiritual essence of music which is what gives it the power to heal." A post shared by DESIRE (@desiremarea)   