THE family were all asleep when a man came into the house and stabbed Nomqu Mzize (25) to death. She was stabbed about 14 times, allegedly by her baby daddy. Nomqu’s father Mlungisi Mthembu (61) from Gamalakhe in Port Shepstone, KZN, told Daily Sun he heard the sound of a door banging on Saturday night, 4 February, and went to investigate. His daughter lived in an outside room with her young child and her younger sister. “After I heard the noise coming from Nomqu’s room, I went out to see what was happening. “I saw Nomqu’s sister and she told me that Nomqu has been stabbed,” he said. Mlungisi said he ran to Nomqu’s room and found her in a pool of blood near the door. ALSO READ: How fong kong mjolo cost woman R600k “She told me that her baby daddy had stabbed her. “I woke up everyone and went to look for a car to take Nomqu to hospital. I also went out trying to get an ambulance, but then I got a call from one of my relatives that I must come home because Nomqu had died,” he said. “I’m in so much pain and this is unbelievable.” He said his other daughter said Nomqu’s baby daddy had asked Nomqu to visit him at his place for a sleep over, but she refused. “Nomqu told him that she can’t visit him because her mum was not at home,” he said. “That was the only thing they had an issue with.” He said he didn’t say anything when he came into the house to stab her. Mlungisi said he only found out about their relationship when Nomqu was pregnant. He said he doesn’t know how long they’ve been together.. “It hurts me deeply. I don’t understand why this had to happen. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “This man doesn’t own my daughter that he can demand that she visits him even when she doesn’t want to. I hope he gets a harsh sentence for what he did,” he said. KZN police spokesman Colonel Robert Netshiunda confirmed that cops have arrested a 29-year-old man for the alleged murder of his 24-year-old girlfriend at Sgedleni area in Gamalakhe. “The suspect was arrested for allegedly stabbing her to death. Reports indicate that the suspect went to her place of residence and demanded to enter. When the woman refused to open, he allegedly broke the door and stabbed her with what looked like a spear,” he said. He said the suspect is expected to appear in court on Wednesday, 8 February.