COPS have arrested a grade 10 pupil after she allegedly stabbed another girl with a kitchen knife. According to sources who spoke to Daily Sun, the pupil from Nelson Mandela High School in Crossroads was being bullied by the victim for a long time. On the day of the incident, the pupil allegedly arrived at school first, put her bag on her chair and went to the toilet. When she came back, her bag was on the floor and the other victim refused to move from her seat. ALSO READ: Pupil stabbed with screwdriver! "When she insisted that the learner leave her chair, she was slapped in the face. She then left the class crying and went to the school kitchen and asked for a knife. When the ladies who work in the kitchen asked what she wanted the knife for, she said it was for cutting a cake," said another pupil. The pupil, who witnessed the incident, also said this allegedly happened while there was a teacher in the classroom. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “Learners were shocked when the incident happened, but we were not surprised. The attacker was being bullied for a long time. On the day she demanded her chair and was slapped, all the learners laughed at her. I think that’s what made her go and fetch a knife,” the pupil said. She allegedly went back and stabbed the other pupil in her back twice before she was taken out of the classroom. The pupil was apparently suspended from school for a week. Western Cape Department of Education spokeswoman Unathi Booi said: "I can confirm there was a stabbing incident at the school last week. One of the learners stabbed another learner, allegedly with a knife. The victim received medical attention and is recovering well. The matter was reported to SAPS. The department is waiting for a full report from the school. The governing body has instituted disciplinary proceedings." Police spokeswoman Nowonga Sukwana also confirmed the incident. “A case of assault with intent to cause grievous bodily harm was opened for investigation at Nyanga Police Station. A 16-year-old suspect was arrested and charged. The next court date is on the 4th of April 2023. The accused was released in her parents’ custody,” she said.  