THE South African Broadcasting Corporation (SABC) joined the rest of the world in commemorating the 12th edition of World Radio Day on Monday, 13 February. Mmoni Seapolelo, the acting group executive of corporate affairs and marketing, issued a statement detailing the SABC’s plans for this special day. She said: “World Radio Day has been celebrated since 2012 to re-emphasise the pivotal role radio plays as a primary platform to public information relating to political, economic and societal topics aimed at empowering the society. This year’s World Radio Day is celebrated under the Unesco (United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation) theme ‘Radio and Peace’. “The SABC radio portfolio has lined up thought-provoking content including panel discussions, interviews, on-air promos and other programming formats on digital platforms to discuss radio’s capabilities to advocate for peace-building in many communities.” She said that targeted discussions will focus on how radio, since its inception, played a pivotal role in changing peoples’ lives in various parts of the world. ALSO READ : How AKA was killed The discussions will specifically look into how radio, when required, steadily became a pillar for conflict prevention and peace-building. SAfm hosted a panel discussion live from 10am to 11.45am on The Talking Point with Oliver Dickson. The panel included industry experts who discussed the role of radio under the theme “Radio and Peace”. “In addition, Channel Africa will host various discussions focusing on the impact of war and the responsibility of media as well as media’s role in peace-keeping missions,” she said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Munghana Lonene FM will use its midday show, Dzumba na Mina, from 1.30pm until 3pm to simulcast with Radio Mozambique for 15 minutes to discuss how radio broadcasting has evolved in the two countries. Then, 5FM will use its “Get around the world with 5FM’s Big 2023 Energy” campaign to encourage listeners from across the country, and around the globe, to share videos and voice notes, indicating where in the world they are while showing their surroundings and spreading the ‘Big 2023 Energy’ as part of 5FM’s initiatives for World Radio Day. “The SABC’s television programme Daily Thetha on SABC1 will feature SABC’s group executive for radio Nada Wotshela and some of the SABC radio business managers to reiterate the importance of radio and its relevance in modern-day society. “On this important day, Good Hope FM will unveil something new and exciting for the listeners and advertisers. The goal for this exercise is to identify the experiences, concerns, hopes and dreams that resonate with its audiences,” said Seapolelo. She said radio continues to play an important role in educating, informing and entertaining millions of SABC audiences.