The African National Congress (ANC) said it intends to appeal the decision of the Johannesburg High Court in relation to the application brought by the official opposition party Democratic Alliance (DA). The DA went to court seeking records of the ANC’s national deployment committee since 2013, under the Promotion of Access to Information Act. The party, urged the court to compel the ANC to also release complete records of its minutes, Whatsapp conversations, email threads, CVs and other documents. ALSO READ: PRINCESS paints, fixes and rebuilds broken cars The court delivered a judgement in favour of the DA. ANC spokeswoman Mahlengi Bhengu-Motsiri said they may in due course consider conveying its full position on the matter should such a need arise after having obtained conclusive advice from its legal team. Celebrating their victory, the DA said it is not surprised about the panicked response by ANC following their ground-breaking win. They said the ANC hastily announced that it would appeal the case, seemingly prior to even obtaining considered legal advice. DA’s member of Parliament Leon Schreiber said the ANC’s rush to keep secrets from the people of South Africa at all costs only serves to confirm that there are many skeletons buried within the cadre deployment records sought by the DA. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “After all, if cadre deployment was as harmless as the ANC likes to claim, why are they so desperate to prevent the people of South Africa from seeing the truth about the party’s interference in appointment processes?” He said the DA has repeatedly warned that ANC that they are going to rip the heart out of its corruption network by consigning cadre deployment corruption to the dustbin of history. “We are now well on our way to winning this war, which is in the interest of every South African who wants an end to corruption and a start to proper service delivery, where officials are appointed based on merit and skill instead of on the basis of their loyalty to the ANC corruption.” “We look forward to giving the ANC another hiding in court in our quest to free South Africa from corruption,” he said.   