KING Misizulu’s private secretary, Thami Zulu, has apparently been booted out of his position. The news was confirmed by his manager, Sbongile Mdletshe, who also manages Misizulu’s office. “He is no longer the private secretary and anything pertaining to the king’s office can be communicated to me,” said Mdletshe. But when she was pressed for more details about the axing of Thami and other details, she became defensive and said: "Where did you get my personal number, who gave it to you? I am not in a position to answer questions and I request that you contact our new communications person, Nhlanhla Mtaka.” Daily Sun approached Mtaka and he said: “Unfortunately I am not in a position to respond to any matters pertaining to the king or royal matters. I am yet to receive instructions from His Majesty.” ALSO READ- Kurough for ‘sex pest’ councillor! Inside sources told Daily Sun that Thami was never nominated to become a private secretary. “He nominated himself and at that time, nobody suspected anything. But over time it became clear that he was in that position for his own gain,” said the source. "Currently, he has no role in the royal house, and we are not sure what his future holds from now onwards. We are happy that in the end he was ousted. Hopefully, a new private secretary will be trustworthy and loyal to the King." Another source told Daily Sun Thami was given marching orders on Thursday,23 February. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Daily Sun has seen a letter terminating Thami's services as private secretary. Part of the letter read:" I am writing this letter to inform you about your withdrawal of your services as secretary to His Majesty, as per instructions from His Majesty the king with immediate effect. Kindly note that for now, you are prohibited from performing any and or other tasks associated with your position of secretary. You are also prohibited from going to His Majesty's offices, events and or traditional ceremonies or any other matters involving His Majesty. This precautionary withdrawal of your services remains effective until further notice." Asked about the allegations, Thami said: "I don't know what you are talking about." On whether he was still the private secretary, he refused to answer.