GOBELA KHOKHOVULA was enjoying lunch with friends when six armed men dragged him outside. They demanded a huge ransom and threatened to kill him if he didn’t pay – but he refused. IT WAS THE BEGINNING OF A RIDE TO HELL AND BACK FOR THE BRAVE GOBELA! Gobela Khokhovula Ndebele told Daily Sun he was kidnapped in Standerton, Mpumalanga and forced to say things on video. In the video, he says he is a fake sangoma who’s been scamming people for years – but he only said that to save his life. “They demanded that I give them R3 million. When I told them I didn’t have it, they beat me up,” said Khokhovula. He said while this was going on, police saw the commotion and came to them. The thugs told the cops it was merely taxi business. “I told the police I wasn’t okay and asked for help but they just took the word of the kidnappers and walked away,” he said. “Then I knew that things would only get worse.” He was taken to six different locations in an attempt to extort money from him. He claims that they transferred an amount of R30 000 from his phone. “I didn’t have R3 million but I had some money but I wasn’t going to let people blackmail me,” he said. “They even called people from my phone to send money but they didn’t get it.” He said when they failed to get the money they recorded the video and said they’re giving him a week to put their money together otherwise they’ll make the video go viral. “They dropped me off on the N2 and told me they will come back for what’s owed to them,” he said. Khokhovula is unhappy about the way police handled the matter. “The thugs were heavily armed and I made it clear to the police that I wasn’t okay but they just walked away,” he said. He opened a case at Standerton Police Station and even told them that there is clear footage of these people at Spur but not a single person has been arrested. He wants Mzansi to know that he’s not a fake sangoma and that the trending video is a lie. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Khokhovula has since been in hiding, fearing for his life, but he is not about to give in to their demands. “I know who I am and I’m not about to be shaken,” he said. Daily Sun spoke to the Mpumalanga SAPS spokesman Brigadier Selvy Mohlala who said a case of robbery was opened. He said no one has been arrested yet. 