 ANOTHER DA-led administration’s executive mayor in Tshwane has bowed out from office before finishing their term. This after City of Tshwane Mayor Randall Williams announced his resignation on Monday morning, 13 February. His resignation comes while his administration is covered by a dark cloud of fraud and corruption allegations levelled by EFF members in Tshwane.    The EFF members have been vocal about demanding his resignation, and even went as far as threatening to make the city ungovernable through protests. But Williams said he is resigning to ensure stability in the multi-party coalition in Tshwane. He said: “Today I am formally resigning as the executive mayor of the City of Tshwane as of midnight this evening. “One of my core goals as executive mayor has always been to ensure the stability of the multi-party coalition in Tshwane without which service delivery suffers. I do not want the political instability that has taken place in Joburg and Ekurhuleni to spill over into Tshwane,” he said.   You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  Williams said to keep the multi-party coalition together required continuous communication and engagement to ensure unity in their city to achieve their goals. “I resign today because I believe it is in the best interest for continued stability of the coalition in the city. Being executive mayor of the capital city has not been without its difficulties, but I have embraced every challenge that has come my way in the execution of my duties, all of which have allowed my own personal development,” he said. DA Gauteng provincial leader Solly Msimanga said: “The DA, having noted the resignation of Randall Williams as executive mayor of Tshwane, would like to express its thanks and appreciation for the work done during his tenure. “The fact that he is prepared to stand down in order to ensure stability in the metro speaks volumes of his commitment to the residents as well as the political process,” he said. Williams was first elected as mayor in 2020, after the city was placed in administration, following the resignation of former mayor and DA member Steven Mokgalapa, who was tangled in a sex scandal. The following year Williams was re-elected as mayor during the 2021 local government elections in a multi-party coalition. 