As most couples celebrate Valentine's Day supporters, family, and
friends of Oshwin Andries were celebrating his life. Stellenbosch FC held a memorial service at Rietenbosch
primary school in Cloetesville in Stellenbosch on Tuesday 14 February. The memorial service was organised by the club and the two
schools, Rietenbosch primary and Cloetesville High school. Besides players and coach Steve Barker, the event was also
attended by Stellenbosch Municipality Deputy Mayor Jeremy Fasser who told the
crowd that the death of Oshwin has left a huge hole in people's hearts.  He said celebrating his life on Valentine's day was not by
mistake. "It's no coincidence that we come here on the day of
love, Valentine's day. We loved Oshwin and we are showing it today on this day
of love and we will forever cherish him in our hearts," Fasser said. Former Rietenbosch principal Roy Van Rooyen said Oshwin's
talent was evident at a younger age and it was clear that he will go far. "My heart bleeds
for Oshwin, and his family. We are in pain. The whole Rietenbosch family is
devastated by his death.  Oshwin had a
potential," he said. Cloetesville High school principal Chris Joubert said when
Oshwin arrived at his school in 2017 he didn't know much about him. He said
Oshwin introduced himself on the football field and he never forget about
him.  He said, together with the other
two coaches they realised that Oshwin was destined for great things. "Everybody knew Oshwin at school, he was that guy who
spoke to everyone. Even at school, he was never in my office. In 2017, my
fellow teachers who were coaches agreed that Oshwin had everything that it took
to play at the highest level. And he proved that it can be done when you have
disciplined and commitment," said Joubert.  The club's Chaplin Bruce Nadin comforted the family with the
Word of  God. "God has not abandoned your family, He is with you. I want
to say God is with you. Even if it feels like 
God is far away from you, I want to say God is with you. He has not run
away from you, He knows how you feel," said Nadin. Mongezi Ndarana representing SAFA said the death of Oshwin
is a huge blow to Mzansi as a whole. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments George Rhoda the chairperson of the Local Football
Association(LFA) said Oshwin is destined for great heights.  Supporter Brian Damonse said: "As supporters, we want
to say condolences to the family. He played phenomenally that his opponents had
no other option but to give him respect." Stellenbosch FC CEO Rob Benadie and coach Barker handed over
two of Oshwin's jerseys to the family. Oshwin's mother Natasha broke into tears when the jersey was
being handed over.