ZOLANI Toyana (23) from Khayelitsha in Cape Town was found dead on the street in the early hours of Sunday morning, 12 February, after he was allegedly stabbed by three women. It’s alleged that on Saturday, Zolani was having fun and drinking with five women at a shebeen in Waterfront squatter camp in Site C. But three of the women allegedly stabbed him after he broke a bottle of gin. A close friend who spoke to Daily Sun said on Saturday, Zolani spent all day with the women who later murdered him. They were moving from one shebeen to the another in the Site C area. “They started drinking at a shebeen in Waterfront squatter camp and moved to another shebeen where there was an event.” Two of the women left at that point. “Zolani and the other three women continued drinking,” said the friend. He said they went to a third shebeen but the power went off due to load shedding at midnight. It’s alleged that one of the women told her friends that she wanted to go to her boyfriend’s place and she wanted them to accompany her. Zolani didn’t notice when they left and they allegedly took a bottle of gin which he had contributed to buy. Zolani followed them so he could get the booze. On his way, he saw a man and asked him where the women had gone to. The man who directed him was shocked when he later heard people arguing. When he went closer to check, he allegedly saw Zolani throwing the bottle of gin on the ground after taking it from the women. One of the women allegedly stabbed him with a piece of the broken bottle on the neck. Zolani’s cousin, Okuhle Mtyanzi (21), said they’re angry because the suspects are known, but cops haven’t arrested them. “We want justice for Zolani,” she said. Family member, Naledi Nofemele said: “This case is not being taken seriously by the cops. We want them to act.” A group of young men and women marched to Lingelethu West Police Station on Tuesday afternoon, 14 February, demanding that the suspects be arrested. They were sent to Khayelitsha police as the case falls under their jurisdiction. Police spokesman Warrant Officer Joseph Swartbooi confirmed the incident. “Khayelitsha police attended a complaint on Sunday. At about 5.15am, they found the body of an unknown man who had sustained a stab wound. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “The victim (23) was declared dead on the scene by medical personnel. The suspects fled the scene and are yet to be arrested. The motive for the attack is yet to be determined. Khayelitsha police have opened a murder case. Anyone with information should call CrimeStop on 08600 10111,” said Swartbooi.