MURDER accused Ntokozo Zikhali has still not told the family where Bokgabo Poo’s remaining body parts are. And, the family has hope that he will eventually tell them. Ntokozo has to wait until next month to find out what the state’s next move will be in his case. The Benoni Magistrates Court on Tuesday, 14 February, postponed the case to 30 March pending instructions from the Director of Public Prosecutions on how to proceed. Four-year-old Bokgabo from Wattville, Ekurhuleni, was kidnapped on 10 October last year. Her mutilated body was found the following day. Her family was able to positively identify her on 15 October. Family spokesman, Father Themba Seya says the family is still looking for Bokgabo's body parts and Ntokozo is still not saying anything. The case has been postponed to the 30th of March 2023 and he will remain in police custody. pic.twitter.com/mv83VMn3L1  Ntokozo is facing charges of murder, rape, kidnapping, defeating the ends of justice and violation of a corpse. Family spokesman and father Themba Seya told Daily Sun the family was still looking for Bokgabo’s body parts. He also revealed that the City of Ekurhuleni was planning to rename Masoleng Park, where Bokgabo was kidnapped, to Bokgabo Park. He further expressed how disappointed the family was that Ntokozo’s family had not reached out to them. “Even if it was to send condolences, it would have meant something but they’re all quiet,” said Themba. He further gave thanks to the community and media for being present during court proceedings. pic.twitter.com/ROCFqaXGNE  “This gives us strength and shows unity. We truly appreciate it, and hope residents won’t get tired and fight with us till the end.” Bokgabo was kidnapped on the 10th of October 2022 and was found the following day but her family was only able to positively identify her on the 15th of October 2022. Zikhali five counts: murder, rape, kidnapping, defeating the ends of justice and violation of the corpse. pic.twitter.com/4yEi4RaFPH  Daily Sun spoke to resident Lesego Mokoena, who said she had been attending court proceedings and was planning to continue supporting the family. “I have kids, and I can’t imagine how devastated the family is. It’s a lot to deal with and they need whatever support they can get,” she said.