 THE death toll from Monday’s earthquakes passed 17 000 on Thursday, 9 February, across both countries. And, the hope of finding many more people alive is fading fast. A Turkish official said there were serious difficulties for the elections, scheduled for 14 May, where President Tayyip Erdogan was expected to face the toughest challenge in his two decades in power because of slow delivery of aid and delays in rescue efforts. Many people in Turkey and Syria spent the third night sleeping outside or in cars, in freezing winter temperatures. Hundreds of thousands of people have been left homeless, with many camped out in makeshift shelters – often desperate for food, water and heat. Authorities said some 6 500 buildings in Turkey collapsed while countless more were damaged in the quake zone, where some 13 million people lived. Turkey’s Afad disaster agency set up meeting points for people left homeless and wanting to be evacuated. More than 28 000 have been brought out so far, it said. In Antakya, 30 tents erected by the Turkish Red Crescent in a park were all packed. Few petrol stations had fuel and kilometres-long queues stretched at those that did. In Jandaris, Ibrahim Menkaween walked in the rubble-strewn streets clutching a folded white body bag. He lost seven members of his family. “This bag is for when they bring out my brother, his young son and both their wives.”   In Syria, more than 3 000 people died, according to a rescue service in the rebel-held north west. Turkish officials said some 13,5 million people were affected in an area spanning about 450km. There were still some signs of hope. Turkish footage on Wednesday showed a few more survivors being rescued, including Abdulalim Muaini, pulled from his collapsed home in Hatay where he had remained next to his dead wife. After facing criticism over the initial response, Erdogan said on a visit to the disaster zone on Wednesday that operations were now working normally and promised no one would be left homeless. In Syria, the first United Nations convoy carrying aid crossed from Turkey yesterday.   El-Mostafa Benlamlih, a senior UN aid official, said 10,9 million people had been affected. Syria’s ambassador to the UN admitted the government lacked capability and equipment. President Bashar al-Assad has chaired emergency meetings but has not addressed the nation. – REUTERS