DR MAKGABO Manamela concluded her evidence in the Life Esidimeni inquest by stating she was not liable for any of the deaths of the 144 mental patients. Her cross-examination in the North Gauteng High Court came to an end on Tuesday, 14 February, after months behind the witness stand. Her evidence started on a bumpy road and a warrant of arrest was issued against her after failing to appear on several occasions, citing ill-health. Manamela, who was the director of the mental health directorate at the time, former health head of department Dr Barney Selebano and former MEC Qedani Mahlangu were identified as key witnesses for the Life Esidimeni marathon project. It transferred mental patients to non-governmental organisations (NGOs) after the department terminated its long-running contract with Life Esidimeni Group. According to previous witnesses, Manamela issued licences to NGOs that were not vetted and ignored standard processes of transferring mental patients to other institutions. But Manamela denied these claims. ALSO READ: Manamela: It was NGOs’ responsibility She has since testified she was not responsible for the issuing of licences and service level agreements as well as identifying NGOs. She further said the responsibility lay at district level. She said her role was to sign licences sent to her after the district vetted NGOs. She testified the preparation of food, clothing and medication was made before moving patients, but they worked under pressure guided by Mahlangu’s instructions. Manamela said along with the project leader Levy Mosenogi, they requested for a longer extension but Mahlangu only granted one for three months. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Manamela distanced herself from working directly with NGOs, adding that she had a team working on the ground and that some information was not shared with her. Sitting Judge Mmonoa Teffo thanked Manamela for her evidence, adding that it would help the court to make a proper decision in the matter. Mahlangu’s testimony is expected to be heard in April when the inquest resumes.