FORMER Orlando Pirates player and captain, Lucky Lekgwathi, was known as a no-nonsense defender during his heyday as a footballer. And now he is talking no prisoners when it comes to the education of kids. The legendary player visited pupils at Arethabeng Primary School in Soshanguve, Tshwane on Friday, 17 February. He took his time to show pupils how computers work and also encouraged them to take their education seriously. He visited the school to inspire pupils and also to see how they were doing with the computers.  Lekgwathi said the computers were donated in 2021 by the Lucky Lekgwathi Foundation in partnership with Telkom. He told Daily Sun that helping the community is one of his main objectives and that makes him happy. “This is great, especially coming back home, giving back to a school where I grew up. I want this to inspire other legends so that they can give back to their communities,” he said. He said he will never forget his community. ALSO READ : Mpho represented Africa well Lekgwathi added that the donations are special to the schools, and especially to the pupils. He said that he wants to organise a tournament that will benefit young people in Soshanguve and the surrounding areas. “I will continue touching lives and giving love to the community,” he said. Lekgwathi said his foundation donates different types of materials including food parcels and sanitary pads to kids and their parents. “I’m happy about this foundation, many thanks go to Jabu Mtshweni who started the foundation when I was still playing football. I am now able to reach out to the community through it,” said Lekgwathi. He said he is thankful to sponsors and other businesspeople who partnered with him. The former Bafana Bafana player said it’s good as a public figure to give back to the community. Mtshweni said that Lekgwathi is not just a friend, but a brother to him. “Football is a short career so I decided to start a foundation and the Phinda Mzala tournament in 1998,” he said. Moses Moleshiwa, the school’s principal, said they received a full set of computers in 2021. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  He said that there is still a shortage of computers as they have 1 277 pupils who all want to learn about computers. “We are grateful for the donation to our school, it’s helping learners to learn computers,” said the principal. Grade 7 pupil Onthatile Mutloane (12) said: “I know how to use a computer and these computers help us with homework.” Grade 7 pupil Basetsana Mahlatji (12) said: “I feel good, and these computers are very useful. They will help me to study well in future as I want to be computer literate and do information technology one day.”