10:41 GOVERNMENT Communication and Information System (GCIS) acting director-general, Michael Currin, led officials on an outreach activity at the Cape Town Train Station on Thursday morning, 9 February before President Cyril Ramaphosa’s State of the Nation Address (Sona). Currin said the outreach was to encourage the public to tune in to the address. He said the Sona is a key national event where the president of South Africa advises the nation on the government programme for the year and reflects on the progress made with regards to the commitments of the previous year’s address. “The head of the state will give us the State of the Nation Address. We all know that this gives us a sense of what’s going on in our country and what the challenges are.” He said he was happy with the reception he got from the public who showed an interest to tune in to the address. “Last year, we were almost beaten up when we were giving out flyers but today, I’m very much happy to see a very significant change,” he said. When Daily Sun spoke to several train commuters about the Sona, they said chances are they might not be able to watch due to the electricity issues. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments While others said they would watch, but they do not have any expectations because there isn’t anything new thing the president will say that they haven’t heard before. Luzuko Mboyi (37) said he is tired of hearing the same thing repeatedly, all he wants to see now is action. “Everything that the president will say today will be the same thing he said last year, can we now see him act? That’s all I want,” he said. [WATCH] Police Minister Gen Bheki addresses @SAPoliceService @SANDF_ZA @CityofCT Metro police & law enforcement agencies National Traffic Police, WC Provincial Traffic Police & Traffic services & Law enforcement officers deployed in and around Cape Town ahead of #SONA2023 pic.twitter.com/UWraMuz0QS  Andiswa Ndlela said she will be tuning in and hopes that the president will address issues of unemployment and the age cut-off in employment programmes for the government. “This issue that people who are over 35 cannot get jobs in the government needs to be cancelled because we are suffering. We cannot be excluded from getting jobs but be wanted when it’s time to vote,” she said. She said: “I also want the president to stop load shedding. We are tired of it,” she said.  9:51 It’s all eyes on President Cyril Ramaphosa as he gears up to deliver an address of his life, this evening at Cape Town City Hall at 7 pm. Unlike the previous years, the 2023 State of the Nation Address (SONA) finds the country sharing the same sentiments of frustration and lack of trust when it comes to the government. Several households are bound not to be able to watch the SONA due to the continuous power outages. South Africa is currently experiencing up to six hours of load shedding per day since October and this has cost the country billions of rands, with business having to close shop and people losing their jobs. For more on the story click HERE Andiswa Ndlela says the only thing she wants President Cyril Ramaphosa to address is the high rate of unemployment, the age cut off on government job programs and the energy crises. Video by @MedupeKB #SONA #GCIS #CAPETOWN #RAMAPHOSA pic.twitter.com/NqzVC4EPcj GCIS Acting Director-General, Michael Currin leading a SONA outreach programme at the Cape Town train station. Video by Morapedi Mashashe pic.twitter.com/tSzueGyVVj  HAPPENING NOW] Cabinet Ministers, including the #JCPS Ministers and @SAPoliceService top management are at this hour conducting a walk-about at the Cape Town City Hall, following a state of readiness briefing, ahead of the #SONA2023 to be delivered this evening. pic.twitter.com/FBc7QfifoG  ♦?ICYMI♦?On the 9th of February 2023, Cyril Ramaphosa will not address that Parliament peacefully.We will not be addressed by a Constitutional delinquent.#SONA2023 #EFFTurns10 pic.twitter.com/Ni699Y7OIe  We’re not church but revolutionaries, in parliament we’re representing the interest of our people. We’re voice of the voiceless #SONA2023 #PhalaPhalaFarmGateCriminal #EFFTurns10 pic.twitter.com/K0mEaeSYXN    