THE Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) snatched a second ward from the African National Congress (ANC) in less than a month in Mtubatuba, northern KZN. Inkosi Mtubatuba Municipality, which was before led by a coalition government between the IFP and the Economic Freedom Party (EFF), held a decider by-election on Wednesday, 15 February. And the IFP emerged victorious, making them an outright majority, which means they will longer need the coalition to run the municipality. They will now run it independently. The ward became vacant when the ANC councillor resigned in December to work for the municipality on a full-time basis. The IFP won the ward with a whopping 704 votes while the ANC got only 562 votes. The two big contenders were separated by 142 votes.On 18 January, Ward 19 also had a by-election when it became vacant after ANC councillors resigned to occupy permanent positions in the municipality. The IFP now has 23 seats followed by the ANC with 16 seats, while the EFF have four seats and the DA has one. IFP provincial chairman Thami Ntuli said the IFP’s victory will see it controlling the municipality without the assistance of the EFF. “This is a clear rejection of a newly formed co-operation between the ANC and the EFF in KZN. “It is also a clear indication and demonstration of what is to come in the 2024 national and provincial elections.KZN people are continuously assuring the IFP that it is indeed the party of integrity and hope,” said Ntuli. In another by-election that was held in Newcastle on the same day, Team Sugar South Africa (TSSA) retained its ward. The Newcastle Municipality is led by a coalition partnership between TSSA and the IFP. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments The IFP didn’t contest for the ward as they wanted to pave better chances of the TSSA retaining it after the ward became vacant following the death of a TSSA councillor after a short illness. TSSA got 1 203 votes, followed by the ANC with 801 votes, an independent candidate with 102 votes and the EFF with just 44 votes. The IFP campaigned for the TSSA to maintain their working relationship in that municipality.