DEPUTY PRESIDENT David Mabuza has finally made it official, saying that he is ready to step aside. “I am also in a rush to give them space,” he said. “I SPOKE TO THE PRESIDENT AND TOLD HIM I WOULD STEP DOWN!” So comes to an end speculation that has been going on since the beginning of the year. What will David Mabuza’s future be as deputy president of South Africa? This comes after he turned down a nomination to be elected as one of the decision- makers in the governing party during the ANC’s 56th conference in December. Mabuza was replaced as the deputy president of the party, making way for Paul Mashatile to succeed him. Since the conference, Mabuza has been nowhere to be seen. He even went missing during the party’s 111th anniversary and then also ditched the first Cabinet Lekgotla of 2023, saying that he was preparing for his brother’s funeral. On Saturday, 4 February in Mpumalanga, speaking at the funeral, he confirmed that he had resigned as the country’s second in command. “The president will say that Mabuza has resigned. He and I had an agreement that the president will announce in due course,” he said. He further said he has promised to respect the president until he leaves, and he has done so. “I hope that those who are coming in will also respect the president, as well,” he said. Mabuza told the mourners that a new deputy president of the party, Paul Mashatile, was elected during the conference, and he needed to give him space to work. “I am making space for the one elected at the conference because I can see he is also making a few moves,” he said. Earlier last week, the ANC announced that Mashatile will be one of the four people who will be sworn in as a member of the National Assembly today, Monday 6 February. While Ramaphosa can choose any cabinet member for the deputy president’s role, it has been the tradition of the ANC to elect its deputy as the deputy of the country. While the Office of the Presidency has confirmed the resignation of David Mabuza, President Cyril Ramaphosa has rejected it. According to Ramaphosa’s spokesman Vincent Magwenya: “Deputy President Mabuza has expressed his desire to step down from his position following the outcomes of the governing party’s leadership elections in December.” Magwenya said the president has asked Mabuza to remain in his position until such time as the details around his departure are finalised. Mabuza’s resignation announcement comes days before Ramaphosa is expected to announce a cabinet reshuffle at the State of the Nation Address on 9 February. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Reacting to the resignation, the African Christian Democratic Party (ACDP) said they view it strange that he announced his resignation at a family funeral. “Usually the president would confirm and announce his deputy’s resignation from office through official government channels,” said ACDP deputy president, Wayne Thring. He said they understand that there has been talk of a cabinet reshuffle that Ramaphosa may be instituting because of Mashatile being elected as deputy president of the ANC, however, the announcement of the resignation of the soon- to-be former deputy president should have been done by Ramaphosa. 