NINE suspects were involved in a shoot-out with cops this morning, 1 February. Three of the suspects died in the shoot-out, two were injured and are in hospital, and four are behind bars. The incident happened this morning at around 6am on R21 near Olifantsfontein offramp near Tembisa, Ekurhuleni. The suspects are believed to be part of a syndicate that has been robbing shopping malls, courier vehicles and committing other serious crimes in Gauteng. Hawks spokeswoman Colonel Katlego Mogale said: “It’s alleged that the suspects had just committed a shopping mall robbery near Carnival City where they overpowered security guards. A lookout was given for a Silver VW Toureg and a blue BMW allegedly involved in the robbery.” She said one of the vehicles was picked up on the R21.   “An operational plan was executed in an attempt to stop the suspects’ vehicle. Suspects tried to evade the police and a high-speed chase ensued. Suspects opened fire on police officers upon realising that they had picked up their vehicle and members returned fire, bringing the suspects’ vehicle to a halt after colliding into a barrier,” said Mogale. She said three unlicensed firearms, ammunition and cargo were recovered in the Toureg. “Preliminary investigation established that the VW SUV was reported hijacked from the owner in January as per a Brooklyn case and one of the firearms was reported as stolen as per an Isipingo case,” said Mogale. Mogale said the second vehicle was picked enroute to Mamelodi by the Tshwane K9 Unit and four suspects were arrested. “Police took the suspects to their residence where more stock was found. Three vehicles – a BMW 1 Series, a Toyota Corolla and a VW Jetta – were also seized.” You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  Mogale said the arrests were made possible by the Directorate for Priority Crime Investigation’s Tactical Operations Management Section, Gauteng Traffic Saturation Unit, Tracker Connect, Vision Tactical and Bad Boyz Security who followed up on information received about the suspects. The suspects will appear in court soon for attempted murder, possession of suspected stolen property, armed robbery and possession of unlicensed firearms and ammunition.