TAXI boss Jessa Mashele and his family dodged death in a hail of bullets on Sunday, 29 January. The 58-year-old, who doubles as a rank master of Bushbuckridge Taxi Association, said they had just gone to sleep when they were woken up by gunshots outside his house in Dwarsloop phase two, Mpumalanga. He said when he looked out of the window, he saw two gunmen entering the yard. “They were joined by a third man and they went straight to the taxi parked outside the house. They fired shots at the taxi and shattered and one opened the driver’s passenger door while he continued to shoot. “They then shot the windows for almost 30 minutes before jumping into a car in the street and driving off,” he said. “The attackers thought I was in the taxi as I normally relax in there before I go to sleep.” Jessa said his wife and kids ran for cover.  “I was standing in a corner watching the whole drama. “I called the police after they had gone and they collected dozens of spent cartridges on the scene. I am thankful God saved our lives, but we are no longer safe,” he said. “There was also visible fresh blood in the car, which appears to be of the intruders. You must be SIGNED IN to comment! Jessa said that the problem started at the Dwarsloop Taxi Rank early on Sunday when he clashed with another taxi owner, who is a cop. “They insisted I should allow their unregistered ‘gorilla’ taxis to operate there. “I refused as I was not informed by my executive committee or the association. “Later, the cop phoned me. and warned me to get out of his way. “He asked why I blocked his taxis from operating there and said he was going to teach me a lesson,” said Jessa. Bushbuckridge Taxi Association chairman, Winston Manzini, said: “We’re handling the matter with our executive committee and working with the police.” Brigadier Selvy Mohlala said: “The incident occurred in Dwarsloop and A case of malicious damage to property was registered, but according to the information from the statement, suspects are unknown. The investigating officer will have to retake the statement from the victim.”