THE Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (SPCA) in Bloemfontein, Free State, has received multiple reports of a man selling a tortoise at the Bloemfontein Showgrounds for R200. The man had eluded the SPCA for a couple of days but he was finally arrested and charged under the Animals Protection Act and contravention of the Free State Nature Conservation Ordinance 8 of 1969. SPCA provincial inspector Werner Botha said the arrest serves as a warning to all South Africans that the keeping or selling of indigenous wildlife without a permit is illegal and should someone be caught, they will face hefty fines or imprisonment. The keeping of these wild animals, even as household pets, is illegal without a permit and could carry fines of up to R100 000 or imprisonment of 10 years under the Free State Nature Conservation Ordinance. The Bloemfontein SPCA and the SPCA movement is opposed the keeping of wild animals as pets. REGISTER TO COMMENT! “I often find it fascinating that people feel entitled to keep these majestic and gentle animals as pets. In my mind at least it’s rather simple, what is natural in the wild should not be kept in human custody. We have such a beautiful country with bountiful and vast wildlife. Do we not have a responsibility to preserve our country’s natural beauty for future generations?” he said. The tortoise had been placed in a bag and showed indications of dehydration after being kept in the sun for an extended time. The suspect appeared in the Bloemfontein Magistrates Court on Monday and was remanded in custody. Meanwhile, the SPCA has also received complaints about two men trying to sell a young steenbok to businesses in the south of Bloemfontein. The men were arrested on Friday, 3 February. “The little steenbok, now affectionately called Bambi because of our utmost desire to see her run free and jump again, is in poor condition and will require expert veterinary care to recover fully. It is extremely emaciated and at this stage is only able to make small sounds and small increments in movement,” said Werner.