REGARDLESS of the number of warnings sent out by authorities for locals not to swim at the mine quarry, people continue to flock in to enjoy themselves. Mayeni dam, which was formed after a mine dump was left unclosed has recorded its third drowning since the beginning of this year. Two men aged 30 and 47 drowned on Saturday evening, 25 February after having difficulties while swimming with friends. It is alleged that the men were not friends but they had one goal which was to dip themselves at the infamous quarry. The 47-year-old man was from Mabhuyeni in KwaMthethwa north of KZN, while the 30-year-old man was from Mhawu area in Nseleni. ALSO READ - Skeem Saam actress finds a new home! It is said that the the body of the 30-year-old man was recovered on the same evening of the drowning and he was still alive and was rushed to the local clinic where he died upon arrival. The search for the 47-year-old man continued until the following day, Sunday 26 February when his body was recovered. When Daily Sun contacted the families of the diseased, they asked the media to give them privacy. City of uMhlathuze Mayor Xolani Ngwezi has sent his condolences to the two bereaved families and continues to warn community members not to swim at the Nseleni quarry Dam as it is not designated for swimming. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments The mayor advised that rather the residents make use of the Nseleni swimming pool, Aquadene and Brackenham swimming pools as well as Alkanstraad beach in Meerensee, which are official areas that are safeguarded and designated for swimming. “Results of samples proved that even water in that dam is not safe for swimming and may risk those who doom there in an unnecessary health risk and health hazard at the dam,” said Ngwezi. KZN Police Spokeswoman Colonel Thenjiswa Ngcobo said police in Empangeni are investigating two cases of inquest following the drowning incident. “It alleged that men were swimming with their friends when they got into difficulties and drowned,” said Ngcobo.  