FORMER Mkhondo Local Municipality mayor Vusi Motha and his co-accused Wellington Sangweni have been granted bail. Motha was released on R50 000 bail while Sangweni was released on R20 000 bail. The two appeared in the Piet Retief Magistrates Court today, 14 February. Motha is facing a charge of possession of unlicensed firearm. On the other hand, Sangweni faces charges of the contravention of the Firearms Control Act and failing to keep firearm and ammunition registers. The two were arrested last month, a few days after the murders of Sbonelo Ntshangase, Sizwe Mbingo and Sandile Khumalo. The three men were gunned down in Longhomes township in Mkhondo. Three people have been arrested in connection with the murders. Nhlakanipho Ntombela, Bongani Dlamini and Andile Gamede allegedly confessed to the killings. Delivering his judgment for Motha, Magistrate Moses Fankomo said there is no evidence in court that there is a likelihood that the applicant will interfere with witnesses or disturb the proper functioning of justice. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  “There is no evidence before court of the likelihood that if the applicant is released on bail, he will interfere with the investigation or witnesses except for what has been alluded by the state counsel in their address. There is no evidence before court that the proper functioning of justice will be undermined. The applicant’s counsel indicated that there were no safety issues or concerns about the applicant being released on bail. “Therefore, the court rules that the applicant has been able to demonstrate to the court that it is in the interest of justice for the applicant to be released on bail. That his bail is successful and bail is granted,” he said. Meanwhile, Magistrate Phindile Mlotshwa, who delivered the judgment in Sangweni’s bail application, said although Sangweni is facing serious charges, the offences do not induce a sense of shock or outrage in the community. “The offences that the applicant is facing do not result in public disorder. It is my finding that if the court releases you on bail, you will attend court,” she said. National Prosecuting Authority spokeswoman Monica Nyuswa said they respect the court’s decision of granting the accused bail. “This does not mean acquittal. From now, we will make sure that we work together with the police in finalising the outstanding investigation and transfer the matter to a trial court,” she said The matter was postponed to 24 April for further investigation.