THE International Pentecostal Holiness Church (IPHC) has been attending a court case for seven years and now want the matter concluded. The two factions led by Tshepiso Modise and Leonard Modise have asked the presiding judge in the matter, Judge Portia Phahlane, to recuse herself from the case. Their application for recusal will be heard today, 14 February. The factions are fighting for the leadership of the church against Bishop Michael Sandlana. On Monday, the court was delayed as there were some issues relating to the media. IPHC Jerusalem spokesman, Priest Vusi Ndala, said the case started in 2016 and he believes it will conclude on 3 March. Ndala said the case has been ongoing for seven years and they are happy it could end soon. “We can’t be more happier to see it proceeding so that at least we will know that the matter will be put to rest.Our members will at least know exactly where is their home that is called church and IPHC without any factions, fights and conflicts,” he said. He said until the conflict is resolved, people won’t see eye to eye. “We are peaceful people, that’s why we want this case finished.” “We made sure our legal team is resolute and we will make sure the case is concluded,” he said. Ndala said everyone is currently worshipping wherever they are. “We have protocols, practices and there is a religious doctrine that we follow. As a church we wear the same uniform, same name with other factions. “In 2016, Tshepiso left the church to form a faction supported by his brother Leonard and a year later, his brother formed his own faction. We are the church. They are the factions,” said Ndala. He said Tshepiso is leading a faction in Springs, Ekurhuleni, while Leonard is leading a faction in Zuurbekom. Meanwhile, thousands of IPHC members continued to chant, sing and dance outside the court. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Leader of United Africans Transformation party, Abel Tau, said he will continue to support the church. Jeffrey Selala of KJ Selala Attorneys, representing Leonard, said: “We are disappointed and we are bringing in an application today.”