THE friend of the slain uMhlabuyalingana Society Against Crime chairman, Judah Mthethwa, revealed he's been sleeping with one eye open since his friend was killed. Dr Zwelakhe Qwabe said he feared for his life as he had been serving in the same committee as Mthethwa. Qwabe said the thugs who assassinated his friend on 16 February were not strangers, but the cops were not doing anything about it. Qwabe, who was speaking at Judah’s funeral that was held at Manguzi on Saturday, 25 February, slammed Police Minister Bheki Cele who was among the government officials who came to pay their last respects. “Ndosi, why are you scared of criminals because you all know them? No truth should be told: we will hide nothing. Ndosi, you have lost one of your strongest allies in Judah. He was a real cop without a uniform. He was a peacemaker when your deployed cops and local cops clashed. He was the one who calmed and brought peace between them,” said Qwabe. Judah was at the forefront of the fight against cross-border crime and championed the cause of active citizenry in the fight against crime in uMkhanyakude District and the province at large. And he was assassinated at his home last week. ALSO READ | Man killed in hail of bullets! Judah’s daughter, Mathabi Ngwenya, said it pained her that they had lent their father to the nation in one piece but he was returned to them in pieces. “What pains me the most is that my siblings who saw my father being shot and killed will have to live with such trauma for the rest of their lives. They are not doing well and it pains me to see them in so much pain,” said Mathabi. Minister Cele said they couldn’t just be going on as if everything was normal when it was not. “I heard what you have said and I will go back to different departments to see what intervention they can bring here. Every department will have to play a role. It is unfortunate that will come after Judah has passed on. I will come back in two weeks’ time and give back the report,” said Cele. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “Our system protects criminals more than victims. If a child victim gets her father killed no one follows up on her if she had food to eat every day whereas criminals in jail would get three hot meals a day and bath with hot water. Something needs to change,” he said.