Mzansi's favourite telenovela The River comes to an end! After many years of great drama and performances director Phathutshedzo  Makwarela of Tshedza Pictures' talents bit farewell to the show. Together with his business partner Gwydion Beynon have entertained the masses with their beautiful storytelling under their production company. His excellent work and script writing was celebrated by many people in Mzansi. The director from Limpopo, who is based in Joburg has touched many viewers after the news broke on Friday,3 February. The show which aired on 1 Magic channel has been releasing talents through death and being shot. It will air its last episodes from 6 February upwards. ALSO READ: Mam’ Connie seeks to open doors It was confirmed by the 1Magic channel that the show was canned through their Twitter handle. The tweets read:"As the saying goes, ‘a good dancer always knows when to leave the stage’, and now it’s that time for The River season 6.” - @PhathuMakwarela." The show was on its sixth season. "After six amazing seasons and a cast to match, #TheRiver1Magic comes to an end soon, time for one last dance in Refilwe. ICONIC, "The Twitter read. Phathu Makwarela, Executive Producer at Tshedza Pictures said when they created The River seven years ago, they knew that they wanted to tell a story that will have a great ending. “Now on its sixth season, we feel the time is right to bring the story of these beloved characters to an end, on our own terms and when viewers still treasure the show. As the saying goes a good dancer always knows when to leave the stage,’ now it’s that time for The Ricer is season 6,” he said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Shirley Adonisi Director of Local Entertainment Channels at M-Net said the final season is going to be the show’s most epic one. Viewers at home also shared their outmost regards with how brilliant the show was. "You guys gave us some iconic moments of television this one here still gives me shivers @S_Dlathu #TheRiver1Magic,"DJ Mosh said. "I hope other productions took notes from #TheRiver1Magic the standard can only go higher from here, "Aubrey said. "It has been a great show from season 1. Kept me on the edge of my seat every weekday at 8pm. Will miss it but ke okungapheli kuyahlola #TheRiver1Magic,"Rosey commented. As the saying goes, ‘a good dancer always knows when to leave the stage’, and now it’s that time for The River season 6.” - @PhathuMakwarela. ??After six amazing seasons and a cast to match, #TheRiver1Magic comes to an end soon, time for one last dance in Refilwe. ICONIC. ??  