RESIDENTS of Mashimong Village in Hammanskraal, Tshwane, were up in arms on Tuesday morning, 21 February. They blocked roads with burning tyres, protesting over bad roads full of potholes. The residents, who were supported by taximen, said taxis avoided driving in their kasi because of the state of their roads. Residents said they shut down the area to show their leaders how serious the situation was. Taximen told Daily Sun it pained them knowing they had to drop commuters off far from their homes due to the bad roads. They said during rainy days it was even worse as they couldn’t risk driving in big holes that looked like rivers and that damaged their vehicles. Taximan Matome Mokwena said: "We no longer drop our people at their preferred drop-off points because of bad roads. So, today we decided to join the protest because the situation is frustrating to both residents and taxi operators. Almost every month we are forced to change tyres and we risk damaging the taxi’s engines, especially when it is raining."  One of the residents, Jacob Manganyi, said the situation was frustrating to residents, taxi drivers and other motorists. He said all they wanted for now was for the Tribal Council to grant them permission to get access to sand that would be used to fill up the holes on the gravel road used by taxis. A representative from the Amandebele-Ba-Lebelo Tribal Council, Selepi Thobakgale, said they were willing to work with the community. "It is true that the area of Mashimong doesn't have proper roads making it difficult for vehicles to move around. For now, we have given a go ahead for sand to be allocated for all affected streets and we will be writing a petition to Tshwane to make them aware of this situation," said Thobakgale. Ward 76 Councillor Mavis Kekana said since Mayor Randall Williams resigned everything was at a stand still. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments She said this issue had been going on for quite some time but the municipality didn't have a budget to address such issues. Tshwane Municipality spokesman Sipho Stuurman said the level of service delivery was not going the way it was supposed to due to the city facing financial difficulties. However, he said residents should contact their municipal offices and report such issues to ensure potholes were fixed.