Quiet, intelligent, and reserved were the words used to
describe the late soccer legend John Moeti. Moeti's untimely death was announced on Monday (6 February)
by his family. The family spokesman Victor Rakhale said Moeti suddenly fell
ill eight months ago and succumbed to the illness in the early hours of the
morning while surrounded by his family at his home in Fourways in the north of
Johannesburg. Moeti’s former Bafana Bafana 1996 Africa Cup of Nations
teammates all described him as a humble and intelligent man Soccer legend and former soccer player, Doctor Khumalo said
Moeti was a person who would never be found in discussions or arguments. “Like any other football player at some stage, you will lose
it, but I have never seen him lose it.” “He was also knowledgeable when it came to the game and used
that knowledge to help win the match,” he said. Another soccer Legend and Bafana Bafana assistant coach
Helman Mkhelele said he received the news with shock, as he was not expecting
it. ALSO READ:WATCH: Stabbed Stellenbosch FC star’s family speaks! “But it was an honour to join Orland Pirates with him at the
time. Things were not easy because Pirates had not won a league in 20 years.” “Through his influence and quality leadership, we were able
to play quality football. He also spoke his mind. he was like a brother to me
who loved God very much and his family,” he said. Former Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates midfielder Linda
Buthelezi said he grew up with Moeti in Meadowlands and said the first time he
met him, he saw a very intelligent person who did not only play soccer with his
feet but used his mind. “I’m not surprised when he was chosen to play in the
national squad because he was just that good.” You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  “Pirates has a star because of John Moeti. He contributed to
the win of 1996. We have lost so much in him,” he said. Soccer legend and former teammate, Neil Tovey said Moeti was
a feisty competitor and a reliable teammate. He said he dedicated himself fully to any match and hated
losing. Tovey said unfortunately it has been a while since he saw or
spoke to him. His former teammate Edward “Magents” Motale said it is a sad
day for the country and soccer fraternity, to loosing such a great man. He said he was heartbroken when he heard the news of Moeti’s
passing. Motale: “It's sad hearing about his passing. Although we
don’t know what happened hopefully, we will know as time goes on.” “I played with him in Dynamos, Pirates, and Bafana Bafana.
He used to be quite a person, he didn’t have problems with anyone and always
gave his 150% when he was doing his job,” he said. Mangents told Daily Sun that he last spoke to Moeti last
year and he was happy to hear his voice.