FAMILIES are struggling to find the graves of their loved ones at Mooifontein Cemetery in Tembisa, Ekurhuleni. This is because their departed family members are resting in rubbish! And the families claim its residents from nearby Vusimuzi Squatter Camp who throw away rubbish on top of the graves. Last week, the Ekurhuleni Municipality and some members of the EFF removed the rubbish after they were being lashed at on social media. But this angered some families, who said the municipal grader damaged some of the graves while removing dirt. Daily Sun visited the gravesite and some graves could not be seen. ALSO READ: EPWP workers spotted sleeping on the dead! A woman said her family is going to have a problem as they cannot locate their grave. "Our relatives have been dealt a double blow. First, it was the residents throwing rubbish and now it's the municipality which damaged the graves," said the woman. "There were graves here," residents pointed out. "One day we will see bones," said another resident. Residents said a lack of service delivery is what's leading the majority of people to dump rubbish on the graves. "People are just frustrated," one resident said. But some feel it's utter disrespect for the dead. "Some families will one day find that they cannot locate the graves," said concerned resident, Paul Mahlangu. "Worse there are those who may want to do reburials. People these days don't respect the dead. We won't be surprised to see others erecting shacks in the graveyard, it's getting there,” said Salamina Mangena. Despite the municipality trying to remove the rubbish, some residents were seen throwing the rubbish in the same spot again. Ekurhuleni municipality spokesman Zweli Dlamini confirmed that the rubbish was removed, but they were not aware that some graves were damaged and said they will visit the site. I really don’t know what to say… This is mooifontein cemetery in Tembisa. What has gone wrong with a black nation [Leaders] pic.twitter.com/z0qCNmLmb0 ♦?Happening Now♦?The EFF Ekurhuleni is cleaning up the filth at Mooifontein Cemetery as part of the #AndriesTataneCleanUpCampaign pic.twitter.com/OdrsiN1p5O 