MPUMALANGA Premier Refilwe Mtshweni-Tsipane has commended the police and the National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) for securing lengthy sentences for two rapists in the province recently. The two men, Richard Khensile Ndlovu and Sibocesso Cossa, aged between 31 and 33, have been convicted for separate rape cases, committed between 2016 and 2018. Cossa has been given two life sentences and a further 50 years in prison, after pleading guilty to seven counts of rape, committed around Tonga in the Nkomazi Local Municipality. One of his victims is a 15-year-old girl. Ndlovu has been given a life sentence for raping a 13-year-old in Masoyi, in the Mbombela Local Municipality. Reacting to the sentences, Mtshweni-Tsipane said the two convictions are an outcome of a high level of commitment by the police and the NPA to fight crime such as gender-based violence and femicide (GBVF). “We commend the police and the NPA for ensuring that these criminals rot in jail for their inhumane behaviour. This is victory, not only for the survivors, but also for our fight against GBVF. “The conviction is a stern warning that the long arm of the law will catch you if you dare touch our children and women,” she said. The premier warned against a relapse in the fight against GBVF. This after the province was cited as the only province in the country which recorded a decline in contact crime in the last crime statistics, which were issued by Police Minister Bheki Cele last year. You must be SIGNED IN to comment! She said the fight should rather be intensified to make Mpumalanga a no-go zone for rapists and other perpetrators of GBVF. She also expressed sympathy to the victims and their families for enduring pain because of the tragedies. She said that none of the victims deserve such inhumane treatment. “Government will always stand on their side to protect their constitutional rights. We further call on our communities to step up in the fight against such acts, by reporting them to the police,” she said. Mtshweni-Tsipane said police are working twice as hard to investigate such cases thoroughly, to produce similar convictions, for the survivors and their families to have closure.