THERE was a heavy presence of police, security guards and school patrollers to monitor the situation at Geluksdal Secondary School this morning, 6 February. Pupils were searched at the gate to ensure that no dangerous weapons were brought to school. But the number of the pupils who attended was not that high. Some pupils gathered at Mponeng Park in Tsakane, Ekurhuleni, and were planning to go to the Tsakane Magistrates Court where three suspects aged 30, 31 and 35 appeared for allegedly stabbing Shawn Mphela (18). But they found that the court had been cordoned off and there was a police nyala at the gate. The pupils were not allowed to get inside the court. ALSO READ:WATCH: Uproar at school after pupil’s fatal stabbing! At first, they turned back but later returned to stand outside the gates of the court. The pupils, who were led by the Pan Africanist Student Organisation, told Daily Sun they wanted justice for Shawn. “The court must just keep the suspects inside because should they be granted bail, we will deal with them,” vowed one of the pupils. Parents joined in, saying they were against racism and wanted the acting principal to be removed. Shawn was allegedly stabbed five times by his fellow classmate and his gang from outside the school. He died outside the school gate. Parents were not happy that other pupils were in school and wanted them to be released. They blamed the Gauteng Department of Education for putting their kids’ lives in danger. “We hear that there is a group of kids who are not in school and are gunning for those who are inside. This is putting our kids’ lives in danger,” said a parent. But Gauteng education spokesman Steve Mabona said the kids who were at the school were there to receive counselling after the incident that happened on Thursday. Three suspects appeared in court for the stabbing and the case was postponed to 15 February. Gauteng Education spokesperson Steve Mabona says kids at the Geluksdal Secondary school will receive counselling after the Thursday incident. Video by Ntebatse Masipa pic.twitter.com/EOvcgD1i08 On the court case, Mabona said: “We are happy that the suspects appeared in court. We appeal to the pupils to go back to school as from tomorrow and continue with counselling. Classes have to go on because to recover the time lost will take us a long time.” Sergeant Lerato Mngomezulu said police were monitoring the situation.