ON Wednesday, 8 February Cosas protested over the condition of the classrooms and lack of school furniture at Relebogile Secondary. Today it ordered pupils not to report to school. And little they did they know this would save them. This morning just after 8 am the cooks from Relebogile Secondary school in Khutsong heard a big sound and they went to investigate. To their shock, they found the middle part of the school had just sunk in. And all the toilets could not even be traced in a more than 15 metre deep sinkhole.  School Governing body chairperson Fanie Monnapula said this is the part where pupils who used to bunk classes liked to hide. "We don't know what could have happened had there been classes today. Maybe some kids could have been buried alive," he said. 'We thank God's grace, this is scary. The sinkhole is more than 15 metre deep." REGISTER TO COMMENT! Monnapula said Tuesday strike by Cosas saved kids. "Kids had no desk and used to squat in classrooms and put books on their laps." He said the mobile classrooms which were donated to the school when it opened in 2002 were dilapidated. Monnapula said the teachers and supporting staff were evacuated by the disaster management. "Some classrooms were also starting lose ground. We don't know where will our children learn  because the school is no longer safe. This sinkhole seems widespread." Another witness said kids have been complaining about the condition for a while now. "And that's why they took a decision to strike." MADALA PHILLEMON had been dead for a year and it was time to celebrate his life with a tombstone. But nothing could have prepared the Masedi family for what they found when they went to the grave. A HOLE HAD BEEN DUG AT THE GRAVESITE, THE COFFIN HAD BEEN OPENED AND THE BODY WAS GONE!  Carletonville has for years been married by sinkholes due to extensive mining that took place around the area many years ago. Few years ago some residents had to also be evacuated from their homes and move to newly built RDP houses not far from the area. Daily Sun also reported on the disabled woman who almost got buried alive after her bedroom sank. Residents managed to safe her from her sunken bedroom. 