AWARD-WINNING presenter Khathide “Tshatha” Ngobe's luxury car was alllegedly repossessed. Sources told Daily Sun that Tshatha, who hosts the Woza Nabangani Bakho show that airs from Monday to Friday from 3 to 6pm, was on air last Thursday afternoon when his car was repossessed. It’s alleged that three repo men came into the Ukhozi FM building to take his white Mercedes-Benz GLE Class that he has owned for a while. Sources said repo men, who came using two cars, arrived at the station and asked someone to call Tshatha for them. The presenter was already on air alongside his co-host Selby Mkhize. ALSO READ : Mzansi stars having great time at NBA All Star Games “Tshatha managed to get out of the studio, had a quick conversation with the men and handed over the car keys to them. One of the men didn’t waste time. He went where Tshatha’s car was parked and drove it out of the Ukhozi FM building while the other men followed him,” said the source. It’s alleged that Tshatha was very angry after the incident, but he managed to go back to the studio and continued with the show like nothing happened. “Many people were confused about what was happening, but were afraid to ask him because he was too angry,” said the source. “He is now using a Mazda SUV car. This is not like him because he loves top cars,” said the source. Another source told Daily Sun that Tshatha had been ignoring messages from the people who sold him the Mercedes for a while. “The people were complaining about payments and it seems Tshatha just ignored them. Then they decided to come and repossess the car where he is working. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “Fortunately, the show was not interrupted at all. Listeners didn’t notice anything wrong because he had a quick conversation with the men, handed over the keys and went back to work,” said the source. When asked for comment, Tshatha who also presents a maskandi TV show called Yash’ingoma on Mzansi Magic, said: “If that car is repossessed, am I also repossessed too? Please leave me alone.”