THE ANC will not hide murderers who are able to kill for positions of power. This was a warning from ANC Eastern Cape secretary, Lulama Ngcukayitobi, after a former party ward councillor was sentenced for the murder of a fellow comrade. Lucky Mbuzi (47), a former ANC ward councillor in the Winnie Madikizela Mandela Municipality was convicted and sentenced to two life imprisonment terms for the murders of his political opponents in the lead up to the 2021 local government elections. Ngcukayitobi said: “We welcomed the decision of the court to prosecute the former ward councillor and ordered him to rot in jail. It is disgusting that a comrade will take the life of his fellow comrades. He is a murderer and is understood as such. ALSO READ:  Two women shot by izinyoka! “We were there in 2021 when we heard about the incident and we took a decision on the spot to expel that criminal from the organisation. There is no organisation that will tolerate such acts of violence. This problem of killings happens in the context of criminality that is getting out of hand, both in our province and kasis. It is unfortunate that within our ranks as an organisation we will find individuals able and willing to kill for positions of power.” You must be SIGNED IN to read comments NPA regional spokesman Luxolo Tyali said: “Mbuzi was sentenced by the Mthatha High Court sitting in Mbizana on Monday, 20 February to two life imprisonment terms and an additional 21 years. The court ordered the sentence to run concurrently with one life term for charges relating to illegal possession of firearms and ammunition. “Mbuzi did not want Hleliphi Mashusha Thotshe and Mduduzi Madikizela, both of whom were members of the ANC, to contest him for the position of councillor as there was a strong possibility of him being removed. He threatened his two fellow comrades and both were killed on the 10 March and 16 April 2021, respectively. Mbuzi pleaded not guilty, but his two accomplices, who were later acquitted by the court, testified that they had been compelled by him to kill his rivals." 