A VIDEO that's being circulated of Jerry Ditshego, who died like Vusi Ma R5, has left his family reeling in shock. In the shocking video, a person can be heard telling the 41-year-old mechanic he's about to die. The man asks Jerry in Tswana: "O ikutkwa byang ge oswa es'khale? (How do you feel knowing you're about to die?)", to which Jerry replies: "Gake stlaela nna (I'm not a fool')." Daily Sun published his story, headlined: "He died just like Ma R5", on 20 February. Jerry, who was from Mabopane in Tshwane, was killed outside a pub in Block C on Friday, 17 February, at about 11pm. According to his family, he was sitting with friends outside when someone called him. When he went to approach that person, he was met by a hail of bullets and died on the scene. Jerry was killed the same way as Bacardi music king Vusi Ma R5, who's real name was Itumeleng Mosoeu. They two lived in the same area and also knew each other. ALSO READ: Zulu royal drama - 'I'm scared, my life is in danger' It's still not clear where the video was taken and who took it. But some social media users claimed it was taken at Ma R5's after tears. One of Jerry's family members said they were shocked to see such a video. "My family is traumatised due to this incident and that we are still mourning the death of Jerry. We are trying to organise funeral arrangements at the moment and now we have to deal with this video which is shocking. #PitoriTwitterAowa baan another soldier downRest in peace Jerry Ditshego????Pitori e fetogile ???? Russia now mxmDon't watch the video if o sensitive,boko bo tletse skontiri pic.twitter.com/2YMQexKwsx  "We want the truth about what happened, and we want the killer to be held accountable in a way that he can't do it again," the relative said. According to the family member, Jerry loved and used to dance to the late Vusi Ma R5's songs. He said Jerry will be buried at Zandfontein Cemetery in Tshwane on Sunday, 26 February. The funeral will start at 6.30am in Mabopane Block B, Tshwane. Gauteng police spokeswoman Colonel Dimakatso Sello said a case of murder was opened. "No one has been arrested and the circumstances are unknown at this stage," said Sello.