THE family of Jack Ndzhambukeri is in shock after he was killed by a mob over a child’s mysterious death. The 67-year-old businessman was killed in Kumana Village in Bushbuckridge, Mpumalanga, on Sunday, 12 February. His son Stuart (37) told Daily Sun his father received a call from his other wife in Kumana to come over urgently. “Upon arrival, he was attacked by a mob coming from a child’s funeral. They accused him of killing the child for muthi. “But the villagers were there when the drowned child’s body was retrieved from a stream by the police,” he said. Stuart said he rushed to the scene after hearing his dad had been attacked. He said on the way, he apparently spotted four cops in a Toyota bakkie driving through Rolle Village. “We stopped the police van and asked them to go with us to save our dying dad but they refused, saying it was time to change shifts. “We had to go and face it alone,” he said. Stuart said when he arrived, the crowd had forced his dad into his Toyota Fortuner but he managed to rescue him. “He was bleeding from the ears, nose and other parts of his body. “They beat him up with poles ripped from a road construction site,” he said. “We tried to rush our dad to hospital but he died on the way,” he said. “He was going to build a new tavern in the village soon but his enemies framed him. We want the killers and the cops who failed to help us to be brought to book,” he said. Jack’s daughter Chantel (19) said she rushed to the Mhala cop shop for help. “The cops were busy on their phones at the community service centre and there were no cars,” she said. Jack was a well-known mashonisa and owned several taverns and rented rooms. out. He was a retired municipal worker. He will be buried on Saturdayat the Church of Nazarene, 18 February. Colonel Donald Mdhluli confirmed that police are investigating a murder case. “The police are not aware of the allegations that is being made against certain members who are said to have refused to assist when needed to do so,” he said. He said the family can approach the office of the station commander to lay a complaint. In fact from the report that our office received, as soon as members received information regarding the incident whereby the victim was assaulted, the police at Mhala immediately went to the scene whilst alerting members of the victim’s family. Upon arrival at the scene, as his family members were informed by the police, the victim’s family reportedly got to the scene first and the victim was already taken and was on his way to hospital,” he said. He said in any case, including in this instance whereby some members of the public feel that they did not receive a proper service from members of the SAPS then such  a person can approach the office of the Station Commander and lay a complain. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “Further than that, the District Office can be approached. The Provincial Commissioner’s Office can also be contacted if the complainant is not satisfied with the manner in which his/her matter has been handled. An investigation will then be conducted then appropriate steps be taken but as it stands, the Station Commander at Mhala is unaware of the said allegations thus far,” he said.