KING Misuzulu’s gogo, Ntombenhle Rejoice Zuma Tembe, is living in fear. She told Daily Sun she had been threatened and intimidated since King Misuzulu nominated her for a position on the Ingonyama Trust Board. “The king nominated me as one of the new board members of the Ingonyama Trust but it wasn’t formal. It was just a suggestion. "Due to the tensions in the royal family, I immediately declined the king’s nomination. But since that day, I’ve been intimidated and receiving threats. "This person told me to stay away from the Ingonyama Trust and the king, otherwise I’ll be sorry. Unfortunately I don’t know who is behind these threats, which makes it difficult for me to pursue the legal route," said Ntombenhle. ALSO READ: Armed tsotsis silence God's house! She said she didn’t open a case but would discuss the matter with the king. “While all of this was happening I received a call from Prince Mthokozisi. It was a brief but disturbing call. He accused me of bad mouthing him but he would not explain anything further. I'm scared because my life is in danger and I tried to report this to the king but I could not get hold of him,” she said, adding that she recorded the call. On the recording, a person who identifies himself as Prince Mthokozisi Mahlobo can be heard saying: “You must know that I know everything you said about me. You are really doing a great job. May God bless you. Thank you, bye.” Prince Mthokozisi, who's the king's right-hand man and cousin, denied it was him on the call or that he had anything to do with the threats the gogo was receiving. “I know gogo Ntombenhle and from time to time we do talk. I have no problem with her. I’m aware of this but I am not the one threatening her. I have no idea who’s behind the threats. I also know that there are people who are trying to tarnish my name because I am close to the king. "A lot of people are not happy that I always protect the king. But I will find and deal with those who are tarnishing my name. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Thami Zulu, the king's private personal assistant, said: “Ntombenhle is not a board member of the Ingonyama Trust otherwise the king would have alerted me. Her name was never submitted and nobody knows where this is coming from. The king is also not aware of the threats she’s complaining about.”