FORMER Mkhondo Municipality mayor Vusi Motha has denied being involved in the murders of an ANC councillor and two others. His lawyer, Barry Roux, told the Piet Retief Magistrates Court on Monday, 13 February, that his client should not be treated as a murder suspect. The case was postponed for today, 14 February, for bail judgment. The 41-year-old is applying for bail after his arrest last month. He faces a charge of possession of unlicensed firearm. His arrest came days after the murders of ANC councillor Sbonelo Ntshangase, Sizwe Mbingo and Sandile Khumalo. “I deny any involvement and as such, I should not be treated as a suspect or stand accused of such murders. “The murders of these people are being politicised,” said Motha. . Members of opposing factions are responsible to collect members of the community to protest outside court,” said Motha. He emphasised that he has not been charged for the murders but for possession of s. He said he has seen several media reports that he was arrested for the murders of the three men. Motha said he was only charged with possession ofan unlicensed firearm. He claimed that at the time that the firearm was found, he had already been arrested. He said after he was ousted as mayor, he had to get protection services from Sangweni Security Company due to threats on his life. “The protection service entails that security guards will be made available to protect myself and my family. “From time to time, they keep firearms in my safe and in my understanding this was done lawfully in terms of the required permits issued by the company. “I had no intention to use it (firearm) or to keep it unlawfully in my safe,” he said. Motha said he has been alleged to be the suspect involved in the murders. He said the information fed to residents of Piet Retief is untrue. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments The state has since opposed bail. State witness Colonel Albert Cornelius said Motha should not be given bail because he is a flight risk and might interfere with witnesses. due to his big influence. He further said the applicant has not been truthful about his travel history.