SHE became a sex worker seven years ago to put food on the table for her kids. And things were going well for her until October last year. Her clients fled when it was time to pay, and some paid her very little. She now believes her amadlozi are punishing her as she’s supposed to thwasa. But she does not want to. “Amadlozi are punishing me big time!” said the woman. The 47-year-old woman from Springs, Ekurhuleni said the latest fury of amadlozi hit her on Wednesday, 1 February when a client who was supposed to pay her R120 only paid her R20. The client then told her he didn’t enjoy the tlof tlof. “My ancestors want me to stop doing this, but I won’t allow that to happen. “I’ve always known I’m a spiritual person, but I know I won’t thwasa,” said the woman. She told Daily Sun she believes one should have the choice to accept the calling or not, and it shouldn’t be forced on them. “If my ancestors want me to accept this calling, then they should help me out with money. “I didn’t get into prostitution because I like it, I didn’t have a choice. I have kids and they need to be taken care of,” she said. The woman said she always looks for jobs, but hasn’t been lucky. “I’m not even willing to phahla at this point because they’re taking my kids’ bread out of their mouths. “I’ve prayed and cleansed, but it’s not helping. It’s really painful and I don’t know what to do anymore,” she said. Daily Sun spoke to the woman’s friend who said she’s seen how this has hurt her, but she doesn’t know how to help her. She said she pushed some clients her way, but they didn’t comply when it came to payment. “It’s just sad and I really hope she finds help,” said the friend. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Gobela Mkhulu Ndlangamandla said the sad thing about a calling is that you can’t escape from it. He said one could try to postpone whatever was needed to be done, but it would eventually catch up with you. “She’ll need to accept her calling, there’s no other way to fix this problem,” said Ndlangamandla.