A MAN is in need of help regarding his 4-5. He told Daily Sun that he drank a cup of mabhebeza muthi (amoeba), thinking that it would give him the best 4-5 in the world. But, it did the opposite. The man said his girlfriend of three years told him that this would improve their sex life and grow her business. He had found it under the bed last February while looking for something. He confronted her about it, and she said it would do these things so they put it back under the bed. “I decided to drink a cup in order to improve my sex game and grow my 4-5. But this was a terrible idea,” he said. After drinking the muthi, he could not get an erection. “At first I thought I was just tired. But when this happened for two weeks, I started getting worried and went to a doctor,” he said, adding that the doctor told him everything was in order but he needed to adjust his diet. THEY DANCED, laughed, sang and told beautiful stories about the late Vusi Ma R5. But comedian Skoolboy spoke the truth that needed to be said when he revealed how hurt he was. "WE MAY CELEBRATE, BUT MY HEART IS BROKEN," HE SAID.  “He also gave me some pills to help with my erection, and they didn’t help,” he said. He then consulted a sangoma, who told him the drink was mixed with a dangerous muthi, hence his 4-5 died. He was even told that if this did not get fixed, he would end up losing his job and money. “He gave me things to drink and others to bath with, but none of them worked. I went to two more izangoma, who told me the same thing but were also unable to help.” One suggested that he went to Mozambique as a lot of izangoma there had vast knowledge about such. He then told his girlfriend and she promised to throw mabhebeza away. “I don’t think she threw it away. I think she found a better place to hide it.” This is because her businesses were doing well and they were still together. “One of those izangoma told me that this thing also ensures that your man does not leave you.” You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Daily Sun spoke to the girlfriend, who said she threw mabhebeza away and did not need to explain anything to newspapers. Mkhulu Joseph Dungamanzi told Daily Sun that mabhebeza was a dangerous thing, and might take time for them to help. “Since this thing belongs to his girlfriend, he will have to work together with her to get help. Otherwise, it will be like working backwards and things will get worse,” said Dungamanzi.