DELFT residents are shocked after construction workers were shot and injured at a building project in Leiden on Saturday, 4 February in the afternoon. It is alleged that the three workers were busy when two men approached them and shot all of them in their legs and fled the scene. Police spokesman Sergeant Wesley Twigg said the incident is under investigation. “The circumstances surrounding a shooting incident on Saturday afternoon on Magalies Street, Leiden, Delft where three adult males were shot and wounded are under investigation. According to reports, the victims were working at a construction site when they came under attack. The victims were shot in their legs and were taken to a medical facility for treatment. The unknown suspects fled the scene and are yet to be arrested,” said Twigg. Twigg said Delft police registered attempted murder cases for investigation. The incident happens after the City of Cape Town briefed the provincial Parliament’s Standing Committee on Human Settlements on 27 January about the challenges facing its housing projects around the metro. The city appealed for help as extortionists and gangs are blocking it from completing housing projects. Affected areas include Delft Eindhoven, Valhalla Park, Gugulethu, Bardale 4C in Mfuleni, Sir Lowry’s Pass Village, Sheffield Road in Philippi and Beacon Valley in Mitchells Plain. Mayor Geordin Hill-Lewis said extortion threats take various forms. Groups such as local “business forums” are behind these threats in Philippi and Mfuleni projects. In incidents, local subcontractors would try and force themselves into projects and disrupt progress. Hill-Lewis said there are instances where the intimidation tactics become violent as four construction workers were shot in Beacon Valley. In the same area the city was forced to cancel two civil contracts worth R140 million after the site was petrol bombed. Twigg said anyone with any information about the shooting can contact CrimeStop on 08600 10111. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments