THE community of Lehae near Lenasia, south of Joburg, had a dark weekend. This after three bodies were found in the area over the weekend. AND ONE RESIDENT IS SO ANGRY WITH THE COPS THAT IN HER WORDS, SHE’D JUST “ADD A BRICK” AND KILL THE SUSPECTS IF THEY FOUND THEM. The first body of a 20-year-old man was found on Saturday, 18 February, with gunshot wounds. While they were dealing with this, another body of a 41-year-old man was discovered on Sunday, 19 February, while the third body was found on Monday, 20 February. ALSO READ | Shock as woman’s body found in man’s room! Community members now fear for their lives. A community said a week ago, a man was shot in both legs in an attempted hijacking, which took place in an open space. “On Sunday night, residents were chasing three suspects who had allegedly been terrorising the community. “They were shooting at them and unfortunately, they were able to get away,” he said. Another community leader revealed that the trio had been terrorising the community, mugging, hijacking and killing people. “This is happening because the police are turning a blind eye on the crime in Lehae.” He said the community is threatening to take the law into their own hands. Daily Sun also spoke to a woman (37) who was mugged on Saturday, 4 February. She said she was coming back from work and was walking with her boyfriend when she was mugged. She said three young men approached them and one had a gun, while another one had a knife. “My boyfriend tried to fight them, but he ended up getting stabbed. Luckily, he survived and is still recovering,” she said. She emphasised that if she found the community dealing with these men, she’d add a brick. Community leaders appealed to residents to avoid using the open space late at night. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “We advise our communities to walk in groups in the morning and afternoon,” said one of the community leaders. “We’re in discussion to grade the open space to make it clear and visible. There’s also an idea to install gates that will be opened and closed at specific times. This will be escalated to our broader community for input.” Gauteng police spokesman Lieutenant-Colonel Mavela Masondo said cases of murder have been opened and are under investigation. He said no arrests have been made yet. He said cops have been deployed to patrol around Lehae. “We’re asking residents to call the cops should they have any information that could lead to the arrest of the perpetrator(s),” he said.  