MZANSI WOKE up to the terrible news that soccer star John “Dungi” Moeti has died. A family spokesman confirmed the tragedy to the shocked nation, but there’s something for Mzansi to hold on to. EVEN THOUGH MOETI HAS DIED, HIS LEGACY WILL LIVE ON FOREVER! Family spokesman Victor Rakhale confirmed that Moeti died in the early hours of Monday morning, 6 February, at home. ALSO READ:Former Orlando Pirates star's sister still missing Orlando Pirates chairman Irvin Khoza paid tribute to one of the club’s best captains ever. Khoza said Moeti was one of the smartest players he had ever worked with. He said Moeti was reserved, but his voice rose above his small body frame when it was necessary. “He was a formidable thinker,” said Khoza. “He always applied a critical thought process before acting.” Khoza said Moeti was intelligent and was always looking at gaining new knowledge away from football. “That’s why he was one of the founders of the SA Football Players Union,” said Khoza. The Iron Duke, as Khoza is affectionately known, remembers him with a smile and how he snatched the man they called Dungi from the now defunct Dynamos FC. “He was part of a group that I signed from Dynamos. “It included Magents (Edward Motale) and the late Marc Batchelor,” he said. “This was in 1994 and we won the league that year to qualify for the 1995 Caf Champions League. “He played a huge role in us winning that trophy even though his captain was Innocent Mncwango.” Khoza said Moeti had a big heart. “When the situation was intimidating like when we played on the continent, he never gave in,” said Khoza. Immediately after Pirates lifted the trophy, Moeti became the new captain. He also played for Bafana Bafana when they lifted the 1996 Africa Cup of Nations. Khoza said his heart bled for Moeti, who had to sit on the sidelines after having worked hard to help the country qualify for the 1998 Fifa World Cup due to injury. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “We took a decision that he must be part of the travelling party with his crutches. “He had worked hard to be there and he deserved it,” he said. Asked if he ever had any heated moment with Moeti, Khoza said that it was when the midfield kingpin asked to be released to join SuperSport United. “I refused but Moeti was also very principled and he could be stubborn. We argued and I lost in the end,” said Khoza. “I didn’t put him on transfer. I gave him his clearance because he was priceless. “You don’t put a price on someone like him.” The Pirates boss said he would also remember Moeti as a decent golfer and great dad. “John was a family man. He loved his wife and you couldn’t tell him anything about his children. “He was a spiritual man who reflected a lot before doing things.” Safa president Danny Jordaan said: “We convey our sincerest condolences and heartfelt sorrow to the family and friends of Dungi Moeti. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family, loved ones and friends.” Rakhale said 56-year-old Moeti fell ill eight months ago and was receiving specialist medical care. “He succumbed to his illness surrounded by his family and brethren in prayer. “We thank you for your prayers and steadfast support. “The family wishes to be afforded privacy during this time of loss, and funeral details will be advised in due course,” he said. At the time of his death, Moeti was living in Fourways, north of Joburg, and he spent his time working on his foundation and teaching young people about soccer. Moeti leaves behind five kids and his wife, Motshidisi Moeti. 