CONTROVERSIAL maskandi star Mthandeni “Igcokama Elisha” Manqele has made an unexpected U-turn by entering a maskandi competition again. In 2017, Mthandeni announced that he will not enter any maskandi competition, including top awards, as he complained that he was being robbed. He’s entering Khuphuka Nezakho Sibone Inkunzi Maskandi competition against his rival Khuzani Mpungose and others. The competition is aimed at crowning the real maskandi king. ALSO READ : Sophie Ndaba: It’s a FAKE account! The maskandi artist who will come with more fans to the festival to be held at Curries Fountain Sports Development Centre in Durban on 29 April will be crowned maskandi king and take home R100 000 cash. Mthandeni has for a long time not participated in big festivals. He didn’t attend Impucuzeko, he didn’t attend Ingoma KaZwelonke but instead flew in a helicopter just to interrupt it. He told Daily Sun he’s changed his mind. “Actually, I wasn’t afraid at all but I was too busy. Entering competitions needs time to guard against being cheated out. However, I trust the system that Khuphuka Nezakho is using because when tickets are being sold, the tickets have artists’ names on them. As my fans buy the ticket with my name, they automatically vote for me. That’s why I’m comfortable to be part of it,” he said. Mthandeni said that he noticed that all the festivals he refused to be a part of were unsuccessful because his fans didn’t attend and that shows he has many fans. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments This competition started in 2016 when it was won by Amageza and in the following years Khuzani took all the titles. It was interrupted by Covid-19. When event organiser Lungelo “Ngelo V” Vilane was announcing those who will participate in this year’s competition in January, he didn’t mention Mthandeni. “I didn’t mention Mthandeni because I had not finalised negotiations with him but it was not him alone, even Gatsheni was not mentioned. Both of them have agreed to be part of the competition. Computickets has added the tickets with their names for voting. The stadium has a capacity of 15 000 so people will decide who is the king of maskandi,” he said. Ngelo V said in the past they had to count fans as they entered the gate asking them who they were voting for but now the fans will automatically vote when they buy the tickets.