The Portfolio Committee for Higher Education, Science and Innovation has cautioned stakeholders in the higher education sector about the seriousness of deliberately misleading parliamentary committees about the real state of affairs on the ground. The committee were in Mpumalanga on (3 February) as part of its oversight into the higher education sectors’ readiness for the 2023 academic year. ALSO READ: JMPD officer delivers baby Blessing! The Committee chairwoman Nompendulo Mkhatshwa and her team visited the Ehlanzeni Technical and Vocational Education and Training (TVET) College in the Ehlanzeni District Municipality, as well as the Mpumalanga Community Education and Training (CET) Centre. She said the Ehlanzeni College told the committee that it was ready for the 2023 academic year and that preparations had begun in 2022 for classes commencing on 18 January 2023. “The college also highlighted that at one of its campuses, classes were hampered by the delay in results for students writing National Certificate Vocational exams. However, the matter has since been resolved.” “The college said applications to study at Ehlanzeni College are fully online, however if students struggle with the online application process provision is made to accommodate in-person and on-campus registrations,” she said. Mkhatswa said according to Ehlanzeni College, 91 per cent of students are funded through the National Student Financial Aid Scheme, while 9 per cent are funded through the Sector Education and Training Authority. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments She said the committee was concerned to hear differing views on the state of affairs at Ehlanzeni College from the student representative council and organised labour. “The committee was also concerned about the filing of vacant funded posts and called for the college to speedily address this as a matter of urgency.”“We proposed the immediate creation of a stakeholder engagement structure that would include all role players,” she said.