FOLLOWING insulting utterances by Matjhabeng mayor at an imbizo held in Welkom, Free State, a few weeks ago, residents are calling for his immediate removal. The disgruntled residents of Matjhabeng recently embarked on a peaceful march to the municipal offices to submit their memorandum of demands but unfortunately, no one came out to receive it. ALSO READ:E-hailing drivers march against taxi industry! The recordings of Mayor Thanduxolo Khalipha undermining beneficiaries of RDP houses and those living in informal settlements went viral on social media. The mayor can be heard on the recording saying some residents don’t know how to use flushing toilets because they are from villages. He said he wouldn’t provide services to the poor because they are not paying municipal services. He could also be heard saying that the divorce rate has increased because some women don’t bath. The residents’ memorandum also included other complaints such as sewage spills, the use of age when hiring employees and the illegal selling of residential sites. Community leader Tshepo Davids said they have evidence of the mayor insulting residents. “We have recordings and videos from the mayoral imbizo where the mayor was insulting and humiliating residents of Matjhabeng. Why is the mayor thinking so little of the people he leads? We need an urgent meeting with the ANC provincial leadership on this matter. We are calling for his immediate removal,” said Davids. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Resident Tselane Mokoena said her house can collapse at any time because of the damage caused by the sewage spills. “It’s also painful to be insulted by our own mayor while there’s no service delivery in Matjhabeng. We are swimming in sewage daily. Our health is in danger,” she said. Residents ended up dispersing as no one showed up to receive their memorandum. They threatened to bring Welkom to a standstill if the mayor is not removed. Forum4Service Delivery (F4SD) blames the ANC for the mayor’s “disgusting behaviour”. National organiser Thebe Ntsane said this is a reflection of how the ANC thinks of the masses. “We know that the ANC won’t hold Khalipha accountable for this abhorrent conduct. As the F4SD, we’ll spare no effort in ensuring that he’s ultimately removed from his position because he clearly doesn’t appreciate the privilege of serving in public office,” said Ntsane. The SunTeam had an interview with Matjhabeng municipal spokesman Tshidiso Tladi, who said the mayor’s utterances were not direct insults to the residents, but a reference to a clean environment. He said they understand their role as the municipality and that is to service communities irrespective of their socio-economic backgrounds. Tladi said the mayor was once a councillor of a ward, which was historically an informal settlement mostly made of RDP houses and shacks. He said the mayor still lives in that ward. “We want to make it clear that the utterances made by the mayor were distorted and selectively quoted to push a negative narrative,” he said.