HEAVY rain accompanied by thunderstorms wreaked havoc in the Polokwane CBD on Wednesday, 1 February causing flash flooding. This left multiple streets flooded, bringing traffic to a halt while some motorists got stuck with nowhere to go. Some trees fell and blocked roads, while some traffic lights also fell to the ground. Most of the shops were flooded and shoppers were left stranded as there was no space for them to walk the CBD streets. Some buildings around the city, Nirvana and Westernburg, also experienced power failure due to fallen trees on power lines. The rain also affected the Polokwane Municipality’s call centre lines for over two hours, which were later restored. Angry motorists have called upon the Polokwane Municipality to fix its drainage system as this is not the first time the city experienced flash flooding. They said every time there’s heavy rain, they fear for their lives and their properties. “Every time it is heavily raining, something goes wrong. One day someone will be swept away by the flooding,” said Kleinboy Thamaga (39).  Other motorists said the flooding always hit them hard in their pockets. Tebogo Maebela (51) said water gets into her car engine he’s forced to fix it. “We also have to get towing companies to tow our vehicles home and this service is very expensive. Those whose buildings were flooded are forced hire people to clean up, using money that was not budgeted for. The municipality must just solve this issue as a matter of agency because we are in the raining season,” she said. Municipal spokesman Thipa Selala has urged members of the public and road users to exercise caution in the city streets due to the flooding. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “Fallen trees have also been reported in other parts of the municipality which have blocked the roads and streets, such as 36 Jorrison, corner of Gobbler and Compensate and Church between Thabo Mbeki and Bodenstein. The municipality has activated its tree clear-cutting team. All roads users are advised to use alternative routes and are warned to avoid the affected streets,” said Selala.