 Mama Meshoe received a befitting farewell as thousands came to pay their respects. The funeral service was held at Hope of Glory Tabernacle in Vosloorus, Ekurhuleni on Friday, 3 February. She was buried at South Park Cemetery. The speakers lauded Dr Lydia Meshoe as a caring mother who showed love not only to her family but to everyone. Former vice-president of Zambia Nevers Mumba said Dr Lydia was God fearing person who dedicated her life to helping others. He said: “During apartheid in South Africa I was 'stuck' in a guesthouse in Boksburg and Reverend Meshoe and his wife came and took me to their home. “Mama Meshoe would always prepare an African breakfast. She encouraged me to stay positive.  “The Meshoe family used to host crusades in Zambia and they made a huge impact on many people in my country. “She supported her husband throughout and gave hope to many people I’m one of them.” ACDP Deputy President, Wayne Thring said how does one even begin to pay tribute to such a giant in spirit. He said Dr Lydia stood by and defended her husband and such women are a rarity. He said: “As a lion or a bear with her cubs was, she with her children She was a co-founder of the ACDP and the founder of the Women of the Destiny. She was a mother to the Nation. “She flew the ACDP banner proudly, meeting with kings and queens, princesses and dignitaries from around the world - yet she remained humble,” President Cyril Ramaphosa through a video link, said he knew Dr Lydia Meshoe since 1973 when she was the secretary of the Student Christian Movement of The University of the North under his chairmanship. He commended her for her work in the ACDP and as a wife and mother. He said: “She was a woman with a beautiful soul and a woman of great beauty and grace,” Pastor Sibusiso Khoza, who has known the Meshoe couple since he was a child, described her as a mother, a parent indeed, a pastor, and a people person who always presented herself impeccably. "She always preached about finishing strong and hasn't she just done that?" Mabotja family sang one of the late Mama Meshoe's favourite hymns with the church choir: The Steadfast Love of the Lord Never Fails Khwinans Mabotja a family representative described her as a "pioneer of salvation." He said: “Her smile was always genuine. Sad as we all are in the family we thank God for her. She was very determined - if she had decided on something you could not distract her. She loved everyone and changed things wherever she was. Jacob Mabotja said her sister was the Lydia of the Bible. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  He said: “We will never forget her. We will never forget the love she had for us.” Lydia’s daughter Olga Washington said her mum was a woman of grace and strength. She said: “She was a businesswoman, politician, and international speaker. But to us, she was just Mom and the glue of the family. She believed in family time. “My mum loved shopping and we had to spend many hours at the mall, while our dad would patiently wait for us.