THE Soweto Theatre will be honouring the father of kasi theatre, Gibson Kente. They will do this by naming their biggest theatre, with a 500-seat capacity, after him. Gibson, known for his popular plays such as How Long, The Call, Lifa and Sikalo, died in 2004. The renaming ceremony will take place on Sunday, 26 February. His daughter Ayanda Kente told Daily Sun they are excited to attend the event at the theatre in Jabulani. “This is not just for me but my kids also want to attend because they don’t know their grandfather. So, for them to go to Gauteng and attend this is really a big and beautiful thing,” she said. Ayanda said she is happy people continue to tell her father’s stories. ALSO READ: Noxolo Grootboom comes out of retirement! “We are so happy that the legacy is being continued, especially because none of us as his kids followed in his footsteps. Only his granddaughter is acting and we are supporting her because we know through her, her grandfather’s name will live on,” she said. She said the Kente family appreciates that creatives always approach them and ask to do her father’s work. "These are people like Sello Maake KaNcube, Duma Ka Ndlovu and more. "Our door is open. We are happy with people that want to do his work,” she said. The Joburg Theatre artistic director, James Ngcobo, said they are honouring Kente because of the work he’s done. “I don’t think there’s a black person who's been involved in mentorship of some of the country’s greatest talents this county has produced like Gibson. If there’s someone else, they’d have to raise their hands,” he said. “To this day, if you look at a series with actors over 40, there definitely will be actors who were trained by Gibson. So, this is to honouring his work and his passion for storytelling and giving visibility to our story. Gibson Kente is up there. He was unmatched.” James said they will also be launching Gibson Kente Annual Lecture. “On the day, I will be working with an orchestra of young people called MPP. The other day I saw young people as young as 16 to 18 playing Gibson Kente’s music and one of them said they don’t even know him. It was an amazing symbolism for me,” he said. 