RANDALL Williams was not pushed out by the DA! This is according to Gauteng DA leader Solly Msimanga, who has denied that the former Tshwane mayor Randall Williams was forced out. Speaking during the address the party has termed the “Real State of the Province Address” on Thursday, 16 February, Msimanga said given the instability coming from some of the coalition partners, Williams felt that he was being targeted. “Also, Williams mentioned that his health was not great and we know he spent most of his time in hospital late last year,” he said. Msimanga highlighted the flaws of the current administration in the province and pointed out the alleged consequences that the residents of Gauteng will endure. Addressing the issues of load shedding, Msimanga said with the DA at the helm of government next year, the party will urgently set up an intergovernmental task team to look into ways of reducing the number of blackouts the province is experiencing. He said Gauteng residents will pay for part of the provincial government’s debt that comes from the scrapping of the e-tolls. ALTHOUGH her ancestors gave her permission to continue with her studies, her school principal is allegedly prohibiting her from attending classes. The 15-year-old grade 10 pupil at Portia Shabangu Secondary School in Tekwane South, Mpumalanga, was allegedly told to finish her initiation process first before she can proceed with her studies.  He said what Gauteng Premier Panyaza Lesufi was not saying was the money to pay off the debt would come from some projects in the province. “Therefore, taxpayers are going to be short changed again,” said Msimanga. He said that the DA would use the e-tolling infrastructure to enforce the speed limit. “We will set out certain times at which trucks should be on the roads. If they are found on the roads outside the designated time, a fine will be imposed,” he said. He said the current government wasn’t doing enough to create a good environment to attract investors. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments  “Our public health institutions, schools, museums and libraries are in a terrible state due to a lack of proper and regular maintenance. “Our residents are being exposed to terrible living conditions, yet they have been promised dignified housing,” he said. Msimanga said the public purse was looted during Covid-19 and continues to be looted by corrupt politicians and officials. “The list of the challenges that our residents face daily is endless, however, they must not lose hope because the DA in Gauteng has solutions to all the challenges.”