A 17-YEAR-OLD pupil was assaulted and choked, allegedly by a school bus driver, in Oranjekuil farm in Hoopstad, Free state, on Monday, 30 January. The pupil was waiting for a school bus with other pupils. When it arrived, the driver alighted, holding a list. He started calling out the names of pupils until the victim was the only one left. He then decided to go inside and ask the driver why he was not supposed to use the school transport. Captain Stephen Thakeng said the bus driver allegedly started to assault and kick the victim, while also choking him. “He tried to fight back, but he was assaulted and choked again. The boy alighted the bus to report the incident to his mother. He sustained internal injuries, bruises on his face and could not sleep because of the assault,” he said. Thakeng said that a common assault case was registered at the Hoopstad Police Station, but the charge was reviewed after consultation with prosecution authorities based on new evidence in the form of a video clip. The 56-year-old driver was arrested and charged with common assault and attempted murder.  Provincial Education MEC Tate Makgoe has condemned the incident, adding that he was shocked by the harrowing video clip that had since gone viral. “I am disgusted by the physical and emotional abuse towards this pupil, and those who witnessed this brutality. This man must permanently be barred from working with our children,” he said. Makgoe said his department was providing transport to farm pupils to allow them access to education, so they did not travel long distances to and from schools. “We have instructed the transport owner to immediately suspend the driver,” said Makgoe. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments The matter was reported to the Department of Social Development, which would then take further steps to ensure that children were protected from further abuse. He added that psychosocial support and counselling will be provided to pupils who witnessed the horrifying abuse. The suspect is expected to appear in the Hoopstad Magistrates Court on Friday, 3 February.