“I ALMOST followed my missing sister.” These were the words of gogo Maiphepi Malatsi who was found under a bridge on Friday, 3 February. The 67-year-old from Klipgat, North West, was found under the bridge by a woman who didn’t want to be named. The woman screamed for help and gogo was rescued by other passers-by. She was then taken home by the woman. Her worried family said they thought she had gone missing, just like her older sister. ALSO READ:Cars haunt gogo's wall Gogo Maiphepi told Daily Sun that when she left home on Thursday, 2 February, she was going to the river to do a ritual. “I am a prophet, so I heard a voice that said I must go to the river. “I stayed there the whole day and night,” she told the People’s Paper. “I was there until morning when people noticed me,” she said. She said when people saw her, they thought she had died. “A woman came and got help for me. “She also took me home. “The woman was screaming and saying that my family was probably looking for me and that made me come to my senses,” she said. Gogo Maiphepi said she thought about her sister who went missing on 2 February 2012. “She just left the house and we never saw her again. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments “She also had a spiritual calling. I think she maybe also heard a voice like the one I heard,” she said. Gogo’s sister, Eva Motaung (79), said she was happy her sister came back home safely. She said she was at the shop when gogo Maiphepi went missing. “When I came back home, I was told she had gone out. “I got worried and started looking for her,” Eva told the People’s Paper. She said she looked for her all night without any success and even went to the police. “I went home but I couldn’t sleep.That morning I went to the police station and told them about my sister. They said they heard about someone old who was under the bridge that morning and suggested it could be her,” she said. Gogo Eva said when she got home, she found her sister. “I am so happy that someone decided to bring her home because we lost our older sister just like this,” she said.