 A SENIOR investigator at the Public Protector South Africa (PPSA) has denied allegations that they went out of their way to condemn Public Enterprises Minister, Pravin Gordhan. On Monday, 27 February, Bianca Mvuyana told Parliament's Committee for Section 194 Inquiry into Public Protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane's fitness to hold office that this was not possible. The allegation came after the PPSA failed to serve a subpoena on former Sars commissioner, Johann van Loggernberg, in the so-called rogue unit investigation. Gordhan, who was the Sars commissioner at the time, had allegedly approved the establishment of the unit. He allegedly approved a memo written to then finance minister Trevor Manuel, asking for the unit to be housed under National Intelligence Agency (NIA) because Sars was not legislated to do so. ALSO READ - Mkhwebane inquiry: Madonsela says ‘andizi’ Gordhan admitted there was a proposal for a partnership between NIA and Sars to establish a unit to deal with illicit trade, but it did not materialise. Mvuyana, who was part of the investigation team that investigated the unit, said they looked at reports, including the Sikhakhane report and Kroon report that found that the rogue unit existed. "We discussed the matter at length with the team. I drafted the subpoena. All four went together to be signed by the PP. Once that was done, Section 7 (9) letters were sent to Gorhan and former Sars commissioners, Ivan Pillay and Oupa Magashule," she said. She said they experienced problems with Van Loggerberg because they did not have his contact details. She said sometime later, they found his address from a Sars whistleblower and asked David Linda to serve the subpoena to the address received, but they could not find Van Loggernberg. Mvuyana said Linda was told “they'll never find that guy". You must be SIGNED IN to read comments The Section 7(9) notice is an opportunity for people who have possible adverse findings against them to respond to allegations. Mvuyana said it was not possible for either the investigators or Mkhwebane to deliberately not serve a subpoena. Mkhwebane lawyer’s Advocate Dali Mpofu put it to Mvuyana that "a lot of whether" has been made about PPSA failure to issue a subpoena on Van Loggerberg. "I take offence at that allegation," said Mvuyana. She said they looked at all the reports on the rogue unit and treated them equally. Mkhwebane implicated Gordhan and Pillay in wrongdoing linked to the establishment of the so-called rogue unit. Courts set aside her findings.  