FINANCE Minister Enoch Godongwana's Budget speech has received mix reactions from the public. While many are happy with the steps taken by government to try and deal with the energy crisis at Eskom, some felt other departments have been neglected by Treasury as they are also in need of cash injection. Godongwana announced on Wednesday, 22 February that government will help to pay more than half of the struggling utility’s debt with an amount of R254 billion. This was welcomed by Public Enterprises Minister Pravin Gordhan, stating that this will mean government will service Eskom debt obligations for the next three financial years, both debt capital and interest. He said as of December last year, Eskom’s debt stood at R422 billion from R396 billion recorded at the end of March last year. “The debt relief will provide Eskom with a space to utilise cash from operations to, among others, increase the maintenance budget, which is critical for the improvement of plant performance and eventually to increase the Energy Availability Factor (AVF)" ALSO READ: Three alleged thugs killed with knobkerries! He said improving plant performance is one of the key interventions of President Cyril Ramaphosa’s Energy Crisis Action Plan unveiled in July last year, to ensure Eskom prioritises the maintenance of six top power stations in their fleet to minimise load shedding. “It must be highlighted that during the debt relief period, Eskom will not be allowed to borrow in the capital markets. Therefore, it is critical that they continue with the saving programme and they drive efficiencies internally to reduce their cost base,” said Gordhan. Takatso Aviation said the budgeted R1 billion to SAA will settle some of their debt, but not all the outstanding amounts. Takatso Avaiation director, Lizeka Matshekga, said initially their debt quantified at about R13,5 billion and the bulk of the original amount has already been settled. “The unease Takatso Aviation funders have with signing-off on the release of the funds we’re mobilising for our R3 billion commitment to SAA, while the outstanding Business Rescue Process debt subsists, is an issue we have highlighted time and again," she said. REGISTER TO COMMENT Meanwhile, the South African Municipal Workers’ Union (Samwu) said the budget has yet again failed to address the many financial challenges faced by the country’s municipalities, many of which have literally collapsed and are unable to deliver services. Samwu secretariat Dumisane Magagula said in solidarity with workers at the South African Post Office (SAPO) and their sister union, the Communications Workers’ Union, they are concerned that the minister failed to address the painful issue of more than 6 000 workers which are due to be retrenched. 