IT’S double the pain for Nomsa Khoza. She told Daily Sun that while she is still looking for her lost baby, her boyfriend has started blaming her for losing their baby to a stranger. The 26-year-old from extension 24 in Nellmapius, Tshwane, said she had hoped her boyfriend would comfort her after their baby went missing but instead he moved out. Daily Sun published the story of the disappearance of her baby boy on 26 January. ALSO READ:JMPD officer delivers baby Blessing! Milton Khoza was five days old when he was taken at Tshwane Regional Mall on 16 January after she had taken him to Phahameng Clinic in Mamelodi East for a check-up. She was tricked by a woman who looked heavily pregnant, who ran off with her baby. “I’m going through a lot after losing my baby and now I have to deal with the pain of losing his father,” she said. She said her boyfriend, Lomasi Ngobeni (29), told her that he doesn’t love her anymore after she lost their baby boy to a stranger. “My boyfriend is angry and doesn’t want to see me until I bring back our baby,” said Nomsa. Her boyfriend believes she knows where the baby is. “I don’t know who stole my baby and I have never seen that woman who tricked me,” she said. Daily Sun managed to track down the angry boyfriend, Lomasi, who said he was heartbroken. “I suspect my girlfriend knows where the baby is because the way the baby was stolen is suspicious,” he said. “I don’t want her near me again. She was so negligent to trust someone she doesn’t know with our child,” said Lomasi. Nomsa’s mastandi Thembi Mabunda (44) said it was not right for the couple to be separated during this difficult time. Thembi said she has been living with the couple for two years now and they were always happy. She said she will keep living with Nomsa at her home. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments Nomsa said the family went to a prophet who told them the baby is still alive and they believe he will be found. Police spokesman Sergeant Sam Shibambo, said Mamelodi police are looking for the woman who allegedly stole the baby. He said anyone with any information must please contact the police at Mamelodi SAPS on 079 890 7469, CrimeStop 086010111 or Crime Line 32211.