LEGENDARY songstress Yvonne Chaka Chaka has been honoured with a third honorary doctorate. She was honoured by the Tshwane University of Technology (TUT) on Monday, 13 February. Yvonne was given her first doctorate by the University of KZN in 2012 and the second one by Rhodes University in 2017. The singer spoke to Daily Sun about receiving her third honorary doctorate. “This encourages me to want to study further. I recently heard for the first time what the significance of an honorary doctorate is. It was started by academics who watched ordinary people like me and you who do things that are selfless. They then decided they would honour those people. So, I was taken aback when I was approached about the doctorate. It humbled me,” she said. She said the doctorate makes her want to be better. ALSO READ : ROBOT BOII just works smarter! “This makes me want to do better. It’s one of those recognitions that you never think people like us deserve. It makes me want to expand my horizon,” she said. She also thanked TUT for honouring her. Yvonne was supposed to have been honoured together with Dr Esther Mahlangu, Dr David Tlale and Dr Michael Nkuna in October last year, but she couldn’t attend the ceremony. “I’d like to thank TUT and I’m grateful to those who saw me fit to get the accolade. I also want to say congratulations to the people I received the accolade with – mama Esther Mahlangu who is an inspiration to all of us, David Tlale and baba Michael Nkuna. I wasn’t able to attend the ceremony last year, so this was then held on Monday,” she said. You must be SIGNED IN to read comments The singer is currently in school studying business management at Henley Business School. She said school is hard, but she’s pushing. “It’s going very well but the assignments are a lot. I’ve lost my life. It’s challenging but on the other hand, it gives me love for studying and researching. But I hate referencing, it’s horrible. But we are here to learn. It’s important for me to better myself,” she said.