 Mongezi Ngcobondwane Mahlangu, better known as Toll A$$ Mo, has a career that can be compared to a Phoenix. Despite the many challenges he’s faced in his illustrious career, he has always risen above the storm, and on this week’s episode of Famous Friday Mongezi shares how blessed and grateful he has been during his career. “I am extremely blessed because I have a beautiful wife and beautiful family that supports me,” he shared enthusiastically. Toll A$$ Mo also shared his journey of African spirituality and the invaluable lessons he learnt from it. “I went to Twasa because I had a spiritual gift that was predestined before I was born. The one thing I learnt during this journey is that inyanga can’t be arrogant because this journey humbles an individual. I also learnt that iyanga can’t be ashamed of anything. My amadlozi also allowed me to come out of my comedy retirement to heal people through laugher.” ALSO READ: Celeste Ntuli on weight loss mission! Through his recent public ordeal, where he was falsely accused of rape, he has now registered an NGO with Michael Bolhuis to assist men who have been falsely accused of any crime. The legendary comedian also revealed that he is also delving into the audio podcasting space. “People have forgotten what a traditional podcast because of the rise of video podcasts is, so with my hectic schedule it kind of suits me well to so an audio podcast, which I will be hosting with my comedic friend Eugene Khoza,” he shared excitedly. Mongezi also excitedly revealed that he’s currently working on television show content, a one-man show I Cape Town in the end of this month and will be joining his wife on her nationwide book tour as well. Toll A$$ Mo said with us his gaming company and how its going to assist the country preparing for the 4IR. “I call myself a Fourth Industrial Revolutionist because I’m passionate about teaching young people about how we can learn through gamification. Tam Gaming hence has also partnered with the Department of Technology in taking these initiatives nationwide.” Lastly, Mo shared that people don’t know that, wait for it ¬ he was born with 12 fingers!